=== ID: lQfZKIWmCag ===
TITLE: Chat GTP and AI Taking Jobs - Jordan Peterson
DESC: 🎧 Try AUDIBLE and Get Jordan Peterson's Audiobooks with a free trial: https://amzn.to/3WCcTRY  🌎 Help us inspire 1 million people https://www.patreon.com/WisdomDna  📚 Wisdom DNA Book Recommendations: 1. 12 Rules for Life: An Antidote to Chaos by Jordan Peterson - https://amzn.to/3VOJV01 2. Beyond Order: 12 More Rules For Life by Jordan Peterson - https://amzn.to/3GHNiSi  💖Thanks for watching. Please SUBSCRIBE so you never miss another video: https://www.youtube.com/@wisdomdna  In this video, Dr.
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 1295
TRANSCRIPT: foreign [Music] than you can imagine let's listen to Dr Jordan Peterson inform us on chat GPT and other artificial intelligence that will be released in the coming year how many of you clap how many of you know what chat gbt is there are things and everyone on in the audience should know this there are things coming down the pipeline on the artificial intelligence front that are just going to make your hair stand on end within the next year because there is so much transformation going on in that domain and and that's been the case particularly for the last six months that it's it's almost unimaginable so I'll tell you what child GPT is just so you know because you need to know this and I don't know what sort of technological Revolution this is it's smarter than you this is a big deal so this AI system to General language processing model was released about a week ago a week and a half ago and uh I I went and interacted with it you can it's an AI system artificial intelligence system it basically is trained on well a massive Corpus of of spoken and or of text so it's derived its Mortals of the world from the analysis of human speech essentially it isn't using real world data yet but that will be happening certainly within the next year and chat GPT analyzes a very large Corpus of text and now Corpus is growing all the time now it's already sophisticated enough I went on to it last week and I said okay some of you know I've written these books 12 rules for life and then beyond
[...middle cut...]
ne you care about help us Inspire one million people to get past their give up point and win with these lessons of inspiration and information click the like And subscribe buttons also click the Bell icon so you are notified of new content we appreciate you for supporting us with super thanks on your favorite videos your donations help us to hire more staff so we can produce more videos reaching more people around the world again thank you from the bottom of our heart if you need resources such as books programs and Etc to assist you in your journey check out the links below I am sure there is something that will help you now here are a few more videos that will definitely inspire you to win

=== ID: MGyu2zwBqC8 ===
TITLE: AI Evolution: Will Machines Take Our Jobs?
DESC: Is the world facing an AI-driven intelligence explosion? On Left, Right & Centre, Vishnu Shom examines AI pioneer Matt Schumer’s warning that rapidly evolving artificial intelligence could eliminate up to half of entry-level white-collar jobs within years.  With experts Sameer Joshi and Subi Chaturvedi, the debate explores AI’s self-improving capabilities, its impact on journalism, law and accounting, the risks of autonomous warfare, and whether safeguards can keep humans in control. Is this dis
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 8176
TRANSCRIPT: 

=== ID: dVMdnNFaApE ===
TITLE: Fears arise of AI taking people out of jobs
DESC: Sky News host Chris Kenny says legal secretary jobs are feared to be one of many jobs to disappear as a result of advancing Artificial Intelligence.  “If you’re paying thousands of dollars for legal advice, you want to know that a lawyer’s been involved, not the legal secretary on ChatGPT,” Mr Kenny said.
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 1145
TRANSCRIPT: but there's a lot of reports around too now about Ai and how many of us are going to lose our jobs with artificial intelligence this sort of stuff is just going to push more people out of work to be replaced by AI well look I don't think uh you and I are in danger of losing our jobs anytime soon I'm not quite sure how check GPT will go and analyzing the day-to-day Archie bhaji and our federal Parliament and discussing it Australians can hardly make sense of it I don't know how a chat bot is going to pick up everything if if the general public can't but this is really interesting the AI how labor is going to tackle this language around it on one hand they want to own the policy space of technology and Innovation and creating that digital knowledge economy and on the other hand they are very very scared of uttering the words Innovation because they learned from Malcolm Turnbull that focus groups told us that innovation in policy platforms means people particularly blue collar workers to them it means losing their job so it's walking a fine line uh between Ed husic who wants to capture the tech sector and obviously the union advice who doesn't want to hear about Ai and investment in the knowledge and the digital transformation of Australia they are scared of it and watch the language around how that's frowned to Union conferences and so forth yeah I want to know who's doing what Kayla because one of the jobs for instance they're saying what disappear thanks to AI is legal secret
[...middle cut...]
ing and and checking copy he went on holiday for a little while so she started running copy through chat GPT and found that it was actually quite efficient at doing that job so it is it is a real threat to people's employment it's a threat to uh Supermarket workers there's so many places where it's an issue and you've got people like Elon Musk and even the people who invented chat GPT in recent months have said hang on a minute we need to step back and seriously look at what we're doing with AI here because if we create a beast that is too big and too powerful it will literally overrun us it is a worry I don't even pretend to understand how much it's going to do in years to come we shall see

=== ID: yVc2ZhECTMg ===
TITLE: Why Gen Z Graduates Are in Crisis
DESC: Check out Odoo for free: https://www.odoo.com/r/OeAT  From the threat of AI taking jobs to a sluggish job market, Gen Z new graduates are being hit from all sides. But how did it get so bad and what's the solution? In this episode, we explore.  Watch or listen to ColdFusion on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/show/1YEwCKoRz8fEDqheXB6UJ1  ColdFusion Music:  https://www.youtube.com/@ColdFusionmusic http://burnwater.bandcamp.com     Sources and notes:  https://docs.google.com/document/d/149g1HepLs
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 925862
TRANSCRIPT: I've applied to over a 100 jobs on LinkedIn and that's just LinkedIn alone. The job market right now is I'm Caitlyn. I'm a university graduate and I applied to 647 roles before I got one. Nobody will even give me an interview. I basically am not able to get a job. I really don't understand how people are finding full-time jobs. I I really don't get it. These are not outliers. This is the current reality of an entire cohort. 20 years ago, the grand path of life was a lot simpler. Go through school, graduate, go to university, get a degree, and walt right into a job. A job in an industry where you'll spend the rest of your life. Simple. But explain that to your average 22-year-old and they'd laugh. It's no secret that things have changed. But over the past year, things have changed even more. Job listings are dropping while job applicants are rising. And the result, a full-blown unemployment and underemployment crisis for the youth of today. It's leaving many young graduates naval gazing. Class of 2025, we need to talk. If you're a recent grad struggling to find a job, it's not just you. It's the numbers. Jobs have gone down, and the number of qualified applicants continues to rise. The 3-month moving average of the unemployment rate for recent grads currently sits at roughly 5.3%. well above the national average of 4.2%. This is a historic anomaly. This is likely the first time a number has ever been this high for new grads ever. What this shows us is that entry-level jobs are
[...middle cut...]
n societywide. After all, humans are extremely adaptable in aggregate. All right, so that's about it from me. If you want to see something else interesting, I've done an episode on the birth rate decline in Japan and the West. When all the statistics are laid out, like in the video, it's somewhat surprising to see how the demographics of the world will shift in the coming decades. I'll leave a clickable card to that video after this. So, thanks for watching. My name is Doggo and you've been watching Cold Fusion, and I'll catch you again soon for the next episode. Cheers, guys. Have a good one. I feel older in the older older. I feel I'm getting older. Older. I feel I'm getting older. [Music]

=== ID: P9OyVlFpm7s ===
TITLE: Is AI taking Jobs? Akademiks on Spotify revealing that their developers are no longer writing code
DESC: To catch this live Make an account and follow my Stream at http://www.twitch.tv/akademiks https://rumble.com/c/Akademiks  #Akademiks #Akademikstwitch #DJAkademiks #KingAkademiks #BigAk  DJ Akademiks  Subscribe to this page. Its DJ Akademiks GAMING page! Follow on Instagram http://www.instagram.com/iamakademiks My Twitch: http://www.twitch.tv/akademiks  Follow me Elsewhere. Twitter - http://www.twitter.com/iamakademiks  Instagram - http://www.instagram.com/iamakademiks  Facebook - http://www.face
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 18192
TRANSCRIPT: It's not a long one. I won't drag it, but I do want to keep you guys updated. And you know, I feel like each episode I try to give you a little bit of business and what's happening beyond the usual monotonous stuff we talked about and we haven't talked about too much music today, but such is the case. A very interesting headline came came out that kind of combined all of the things that we have been kind of talking about recently. So Spotify um their CEO Daniel Ek says his its developers so the people who write code for Spotify they have not written a single line of code in 2026. Now, this is very interesting because it's not, you know, this is that's a huge company. There's millions and hundreds of millions of subscribers and you need to code new products. You need to keep up with code, update code for different changes, bugs, whatever. And they said according to them since December, they haven't written a a line of code. Why? Spotify has acknowledged a the adoption of AI technology, which is writing all the code for Spotify. So, uh, spot. Oh, actually the co is not Daniel Elk. What the [ __ ] Gustav Sodmston. When is Dan? When did Daniel X step down? The [ __ ] Oh, he stepped down on January 1. Okay. Okay. He's He's just a he's a chairman. So, he's still a founder, but he's not the chairman. Chairman is the most important role anyway. CEO, you could be replaced. Anyway, so the the new um um Spotify CEO said that this week. I got to figure out how to say his name. that the c
[...middle cut...]
opting. The labels are always slow because they have the catalog. The songwriters, they need to get in the game. All right. All right, chat. Thank you guys for watching today. Uh, I will see you guys tomorrow. And I appreciate every single person who stayed in here, whether you stayed for the entire eight hours. I look at my clock right now, it says 8 hours and 1 minute, including our intro obviously. So, probably about 7 hours and 30 minutes for the rest of you guys on YouTube. And I want to say I appreciate you guys. Hopefully this was a W stream. Get some work done, get some sleep, do what you got to do. And I'll see you guys tomorrow, man. Thank you. Ain't nothing big in the chat. Peace.

=== ID: 2_ZG4WYV_Hc ===
TITLE: AI Isn’t Taking Jobs, It’s Rewriting Who Wins
DESC: AI is not replacing jobs the way most headlines suggest.  But it is dramatically increasing the productivity of people who already have deep expertise and that is where the real shift is happening.  In this video, I break down what companies like Salesforce and Klarna got wrong when they tried to replace human judgment with AI, and why efficiency gains alone do not equal better outcomes.  We also explore a deeper question:  Who actually benefits from AI?  • Why AI often fails in the hands of non
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 16
TRANSCRIPT: AI is not going to replace your job, but it is going to dramatically increase the productivity of people who already have deep expertise in their field. And that distinction is everything. Right now, the public conversation around AI feels binary. Either it replaces humans entirely or it's overhyped and useless. The reality is much more nuanced and we're already seeing early proof of that. Take Salesforce. They reduced thousands of roles while leaning heavily into AI systems. Soon after, reliability issues began surfacing and leadership acknowledged that some of the confidence placed in those systems may have been premature. CLA, the payments company, did something similar. They replaced hundreds of customer service representatives with AI agents optimized to reduce resolution times. On paper, it looked like a massive win. Average handling time dropped from around 11 minutes to two, but customer complaints surged. Customers received generic responses and robotic tone, no human judgment. Eventually, the CEO publicly acknowledged the missteps and brought back human agents. So, what happened? These companies optimized for measurable efficiency, speed, cost, throughput. What they underestimated was judgment. AI is not judgment. It's leverage. And leverage in the wrong context can actually degrade outcomes. Think about investing. If a lay person asks an AI system to build a portfolio, it will absolutely generate something that sounds sophisticated. It will talk about diversificati
[...middle cut...]
s. But I do believe it will create a sharp divide between those who treat it as a shortcut and those who treat it as a force multiplier. The learning curve will be steep. There will be public missteps. Companies will overautomate and then pull back. We're already seeing that. But over time, I suspect the way we deploy AI will evolve. It will not be about removing humans from the system. It will be about redesigning workflows so that human judgment sits on top of powerful computational leverage. The future likely does not belong to fully automated systems. It belongs to skilled operators who understand how to harness them. That's a very different story than the one most headlines are telling.

=== ID: 9TOC7FvsH5Y ===
TITLE: AI Summit 2026: 'Will AI Take Your Job?' Full Conversation With Chief Economic Advisor Of India
DESC: AI Summit 2026: 'Will AI Take Your Job?' Full Conversation With Chief Economic Advisor Of India  At the India AI Impact Summit 2026 in New Delhi, Chief Economic Advisor V. Anantha Nageswaran addressed concerns about artificial intelligence and employment, stressing that AI’s impact on jobs won’t be accidental but shaped by policy and skills development. He urged urgent education and skilling reforms to align AI adoption with mass employability and ensure AI helps create opportunities rather than
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 3361
TRANSCRIPT: Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining AI for India for one of the opening sessions of the AI impact summit 2026 on a very timely subject of the future of employability in the age of AI. I'd like to first of all welcome our speakers for the day. Mr. Aloc Agraal co-founder of AI for India. Mr. Shashi Shakar Wampati co-founder of AI for India and Padmma Shri Award Miss Prakash editor ANI. Mr. Sanjiv Bchandani co-founder InfoEge Mr. Satish Sitha Ram Rama CEO Edge Mr. Venit Nyer, founder of Serk Foundation and ex CEO HCL Technologies and last oh he'll be joining us and uh Professor Anurag Mel who will be joining us shortly with this I'd like to hand it over to the speakers. Uh good morning. Uh welcome to this uh session. Uh so uh I thought I'll just kick off uh by talking about a report we launched recently on the subject of future of employability. In the last few months uh for a year but especially over the last few months and then uh very strongly in the last week there has been this entire talk of job displacements, job replacements, need for reskilling etc in various quarters uh especially by big AI players. And in all this there is a huge threat to the employability of uh graduates who are just going to graduate and come into the workforce and people who are working into the workforce. So to take this issue head on we had conducted a study in November and December and uh extensive with extensive conversations from all stakeholders and uh uh desk research and basis tha
[...middle cut...]
an do exactly the same thing. It is about what skills are going to be relevant for tomorrow which is going to use this use the technology to be able to do that because there will be 50% more jobs. Now whether those jobs will be in India or in US or in Vietnam nobody knows remember what Indian IT did Indian IT migrated most IT jobs across the world to India because they had a proposition which the world did not have. So India needs to develop that proposition so that we are competitive on a global scale. So this fight is not about India. This fight is going to be fought in the international space of who is going to use technology to create jobs and get a major share of the 50%. Thank you sir.

=== ID: ozVb14bNwzQ ===
TITLE: AI Is Laying Off... Senior Executives
DESC: Looking to grow your business online? Get started today with a free 15-day trial → https://www.odoo.com/r/Ji2  ------  Sign up for our FREE newsletter! - https://www.compoundeddaily.com/  Books we recommend - https://www.howmoneyworkslibrary.com/  Listen on Spotify - https://open.spotify.com/show/5gi1JobDJC3QqaF4aKfenR?si=f3IsgWIlSKObF8BT1Fitig  -----  My Other Channels: @HowHistoryWorks @HowMoneyWorksUncut   Edited By: Svibe Multimedia Studio  Music Courtesy of: Epidemic Sound  Select Footage C
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 1654424
TRANSCRIPT: Senior executives, business owners, and management 
consultants all have a strong incentive to cut   down costs in their businesses wherever they 
can. It's been less than three years since   Chat GPT first launched. But since then, all of 
these people have clearly been planning a way to   replace expensive human intelligence work with 
far cheaper artificial intelligence work. You   could almost argue that as business leaders with 
a fiduciary duty to their shareholders, they would   be irresponsible not to pursue this potential cost 
cutting. And the market would probably agree with   you. Already, several high-profile business 
leaders and entire teams have been fired for   not going all-in on AI. But for everybody else who 
did, there have been a few problems along the way.   These managers are realizing that most jobs are 
more nuanced and variable than the reports could   truly capture. And at the same time, AI is turning 
out to be a lot more expensive than they expected.   Now, for a lot of businesses, this hasn't really 
slowed them down. Some of you watching have so   perfectly put it that you are not worried that 
artificial intelligence can do your job. you   are worried that some manager will think it can 
do your job. A lot of businesses are now in the   find out stage of this cost cutting exercise and 
have started begging their workers to come back.   However, there is something else that has come out 
of this. It turns out that the most expensive and   most 
[...middle cut...]
hey think 
employees in procurement and 93% of those   in risk compliance and finance were already 
being replaced or augmented by AI in coming   years. But only 77% of customer service roles 
were likely to be significantly disrupted.   So either they don't know that finance and 
compliance are generally more senior roles   than frontline customer service or there is a 
major disconnect between who they think they   can replace and how they think they are actually 
going to replace them. If you are still undecided,   go and watch this next video to find out what it 
is exactly that these people really do all day.   And don't forget to like and subscribe 
to keep on learning how money works.

=== ID: fpETS6q1Hww ===
TITLE: Daniel Priestley: AI Will Make Plumbers Earn More Than Lawyers! (2029 PREDICTION)
DESC: What is financial freedom? The Business Strategist Daniel Priestley on why AI makes lifestyle businesses easy.  Daniel Priestley is an award-winning serial entrepreneur and self-made multimillionaire. He is the co-founder of Dent Global and ScoreApp, and the author of several international bestsellers, including Oversubscribed and Key Person of Influence.  He explains: ▪️How to build a personal brand that survives the AI automation wave ▪️The 2029 AI financial crash prediction  ▪️Why traditional
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 1707539
TRANSCRIPT: I was looking at the top 10 jobs that are most likely to be disrupted by AI and I really do worry about this. So the nature of the economy is changing for a long time. Blue collar work like plumbers, electricians, brick layers has been devalued. But it could be in the next couple of years. These are the roles that are elevated the most and that plumbers regularly earn more than lawyers. And for the last 25 years, I've been building companies from scratch and I've been through the global financial crisis and co but I have never experienced what we're experiencing right now. I've never seen more fear for the disruption that is coming. And my real bare case for AI is that every time you go on AI, your request is going off to a big computer in a Walmartized building somewhere. And those big ginormous computers, they last 3 to 4 years before they need to be replaced. And this year ahead, we're going to spend 650 billion and that could cause a massive financial collapse. That's the thing that I'm worried most about. However, I've never seen more excitement for the opportunities that are in front of us. So let's talk about in a world of AI what are the skills that survive. So I really believe that everyone should build a little bit of a personal brand not like to become an influencer but position yourself with a group of people who know who you are and know what you do and could enroll you in their opportunity. Second one if there's one skill set that everyone should be learning at 
[...middle cut...]
of life. Uh which is which is kind of like wow. like that that we I think we've forgotten how cool that is. I think we've forgotten the idea that you're passing on consciousness and that this being has their own consciousness. They do their own thing. They come up with their own ideas. They have their own challenges. Um yeah, it's wild. Daniel, thank you. We're done. That was great. YouTube have this new crazy algorithm where they know exactly what video you would like to watch next based on AI and all of your viewing behavior. And the algorithm says that this video is the perfect video for you. It's different for everybody looking right now. Check this video out and I bet you you might love

=== ID: anMEvTgEUtg ===
TITLE: BASIC INCOME | AI Taking Jobs, Compelling Evidence & Political Barriers (Jamie Cooke)
DESC: Jamie Cooke is Head of the RSA Scotland & passionate supporter of Basic Income. In this episode we talk about failures of welfare state, benefits of a basic income, political barriers, compelling studies, AI and societal disruption & much more.  Jamie Cooke' Tedx Talk:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPA0qoem-hQ  Basic Income Network Scotland:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTE8L5IyOFmIzReY42U5Dvg/playlists  TIMESTAMPS:  0:00-5:45 How Welfare State has Changed 10:25-16:30 Evidence from UBI S
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 74
TRANSCRIPT: hello and welcome back to another episode of a podcast today i am joined by jamie cook head of the rsa and a tedx speaker we are going to be talking about universal basic income a topic which i think is really important given some changes we could potentially face in the next decade so jamie thank you for joining me tonight thanks for having me on the show it's fantastic to be here so i think a really good place to start before looking into a future is something you touched upon in your tedx talk um how has the role how has the welfare state changed from world war ii up until now i think that's a good place to give us an understanding of the current game where we're playing with yeah absolutely and and really for me i think that's what first opened up my interest in base kingdom um i must when i first came across the concept i i didn't know anything about it and i didn't really think it was it was realistic if i'm being honest but what it did seem as a starting point i'm sure we'll discuss why maybe i've changed my thinking on that but um was because it was a really useful provocation and challenge to the system and the state we find ourselves in and now and as you rightly said there we we've been through huge changes you know in that post-war period we created a welfare state largely with with you know fairly broad political support across the spectrum that responded to you know the work of beverage and those giants that identified these huge problems that society faced it r
[...middle cut...]
dx talk because it's really great i'll send you a link as well to last year we had the uh the world basic income congress was in glasgow uh it was online which was a shame because we would have had a good party in the city but it meant that a we had the highest number of attendees ever um for for world congress well over a thousand but also we were able to record every session so i'll send you a like that you hopefully can share as well that uh people might want to watch some of the talks and contributions there including both first ministers of wales and scotland as well of course i'll check that out i'll stick it in the link i'll stick a link in the description down below as well fantastic

=== ID: zrRPOchwcR4 ===
TITLE: Is AI Taking White Collar Jobs? The Data Says Yes
DESC: UK businesses are dialing back hiring for jobs that are likely to be affected by the rollout of artificial intelligence, a study found, suggesting the new technology is accentuating a slowdown in the nation’s labor market. Job vacancies have declined across the board in the UK as employers cut costs in the face of sluggish growth and high borrowing rates, with the overall number of online job postings down 31% in the three months to May compared with the same period in 2022, a McKinsey & Co. ana
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 14732
TRANSCRIPT: At the moment, we're starting to see
early signs of what many people have been warning about for some time now.
UK businesses appear to be beginning to scale back their hiring for jobs in
sectors that they think are most likely to be affected by AI.
But it is important to mention here that hiring is down actually across the board
in the UK is down by the most in nearly two years, according to the latest data.
But what's interesting here is that we're seeing postings for jobs with the
potential to be affected by a dropping 38% in the three months to May this
year. That's almost twice the decline seen
elsewhere, according to analysis from McKinsey.
So perhaps we are starting to really see the first consequences for the job
market of that sort of rapid growth that we've seen over the past couple of
years. TABLE Which sectors are facing the most
upheaval? Well, in our reporting, we've
spotlighted white collar roles as being at risk.
So these are things like tech and finance.
That's where the drop in postings has been the most pronounced so far.
And in terms of what this looks like, I'd point out some reporting that we did
earlier this year where we covered government plans to reduce the number of
civil servants and actually use AI to boost government efficiency.
So it's perhaps those sorts of roles that we could see being at risk or say,
graduates and those in entry level roles could find the markets a bit more tricky
to navigate, thanks to AI becoming a bit more prominent in the
[...middle cut...]
 22 months recently
and really the data is saying that that's thanks to the labour market
continuing to cool after the Chancellor pushed through some tax increases,
particularly the increase to the national insurance contributions by
employers as a real sticking point for the jobs market and the hike in the
minimum wage. So those two increases are really
putting pressure on employers. According to a recent survey of
recruitment firms and also employers, and the official tax data suggests that
employment has fallen sharply since those changes came to effect.
That was back in April. So we're seeing the job market under
some stress and perhaps this revolution is the latest thing to add to that.

=== ID: ug1uMbGuaz8 ===
TITLE: “60 Million Jobs GONE?” - AI Layoffs Could SPARK Economic CHAOS In America
DESC: AI is driving mass layoffs while experts warn that up to 40% of jobs could be at risk. Panel debates whether productivity gains will save workers or trigger defaults, unemployment, and civil unrest as the system struggles to adapt ------ ▶️ WATCH FULL EPISODE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53rigihjVZ8   📕 SLS 2026 OFFICIAL RECORDING: https://bit.ly/3PL6CF0  📺 SUBSCRIBE TO LUKE GROMEN'S FFTT, LLC: https://bit.ly/3OgGy4c  Ⓜ️ MINNECT WITH RICHARD WERNER: https://bit.ly/3NSJ8NN  Ⓜ️ CONNECT ON MINN
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 83912
TRANSCRIPT: right now you saw what uh uh happened with AI, right? And you got the reports that came out and Rob, I don't know if you have the stories or not where, you know, uh Oracle is letting go of, I don't know, 20 to 30,000 people. Meta letting go and everybody's like, well, you know, Jack Dorsey announced he's firing people, letting go of 4,000 people, stock goes up, Meta stock goes up, Oracle, you know, they react positively. And so if all these guys, and by the way, Mark Andre, respect to him, he came out and said something. I don't know if you guys saw what Mark Andrea said yesterday. Did you see what he said about the whole sheet? Okay, Rob, if you want to play this clip because this is going to lead to a question for you guys to see what you'll say. Go ahead, Rob. Yeah. So, you have friends, I'm sure, who were great coders before AI and are now using AI for coding. What's the thing that they all report? They're far more productive. Uh, they couldn't live without it. And um and are they working fewer more or fewer hours than before? Fewer more more. Yeah. So this entire labor displacement thing is 100% incorrect. It's completely wrong. It's classic zero sum economics. It's the lump of labor fallacy. It happens over and over and over again. It's always been wrong. It's going to be wrong again. Leave it for mediocre people. And I know that sounds very judgmental and horrible, but most social media managers mark a crap. Okay, I'm getting in trouble for this, not you. Crap. If you 
[...middle cut...]
t where everyone's having a dual career, you know, husband's working, wife's working. This is not a good climate for the economy. And that's kind of where we're going today. And Richard Werner's on MC if you want to ask him any questions. We're going to put his QR code around here and the link as well. And the 51% of you that enjoys the podcast, you watch it, but you don't subscribe, we would appreciate if you click on that subscribe button. We are this close to 3 million. We can do it with you. So, if you don't mind taking a minute, subscribe to the channel. If you enjoy this video, you want to watch more videos like this, click here. And if you want to watch the entire podcast, click here.

=== ID: fcToUAi46iY ===
TITLE: X Artist's "Job" Stolen by AI.. (artist's reaction)
DESC: let me know in the comments your guys' thoughts and also let me know if you've had similar experiences  ✨ Monthly Tutorials on my Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/samdoesarts  ⭐️ check out my work here: https://www.instagram.com/samdoesarts/  🫶  Limited Merch and Print Releases: https://samdoesarts.com/  💫 Gumroad shop: https://gumroad.com/samdoesarts  My art book: https://store.3dtotal.com/products/the-art-of-sam-yang
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 275867
TRANSCRIPT: What's up, guys? Welcome. It's a new day and we've got some new tea from X. This is a thread from someone named Alice and she's talking about how she got replaced with AI by a friend. Now, there's a little bit more to the story than what it seems. And I think there's something that we can actually learn from this despite uh the unfortunate circumstances that Alice is facing. So, let's jump in. Let's see what's going on here. And I want you guys to make up your own minds about this whole situation. In 2016, I met a movie director and screenwriter who asked me to make my first ever short animated movie. I was younger and excited. So, even if no payment was included, I did it. We worked for more than 6 months. She was the writer and director, and I made all the drawings, and our work got some prizes. Plus, it went on national television. It was a good collaboration. Now, at this point, if you guys are on the same mental wavelength as me, you're probably also seeing the massive, massive red flags here. This is the most tropey formula you've ever seen. Okay? young and excited artist plus opportunity with no pay. A match made in heaven. We kept in touch and in 2019 she proposed that I draw a graphic novel she wrote. I made the whole storyboard. More than 80 colored pages and some finished pages, too. Our goal is to find a publisher. Nothing was paid to me, but I knew the project had good potential. And after all, I was just at the beginning of my career. Listen, if reading this rig
[...middle cut...]
ur time and your energy, they only see you as a means to an end. That is not your friend. That's just a shitty human being. Anyways guys, I would love to hear your guys's thoughts on this. If you agree or disagree with the things that I said in this video, please let me know in the comments. Please fight me in the comments. Tell me if you guys have been through similar situations with people in the past. Share your stories so that other artists can read your comments and learn from your experiences as well. Cuz at the end of the day, that's all I care about, okay? I'm here as an artist to try to help you guys as artists, okay? So, let's all help each other out. Let's build up this community.

=== ID: 7Q6RHCXzE9M ===
TITLE: Oracle 30000 Layoffs? Is AI taking our Jobs |Truth behind AI & Mass Layoffs #trending#Oraclelayoffs
DESC: 
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 537
TRANSCRIPT: Hi guys, welcome back to my channel Ramu Vlogs. Hope you all are doing great jobs. This video is all about the booming topic or the hot topic currently which is shaking IT industry. By now itself you have a guess that now I'm going to talk in this video all about Oracle's 30,000 layoffs. Is AI is the main reason for these 30,000 layoffs? If not, what could be other reason? If we get the same mail what Oracle employees got on 1st April 2026 saying that your access has been denied and you are no longer an employee of our organization. What would be our situation at that time? This video is all about to make you understand the reality check behind this layoffs to make you aware of EA impact on layoffs and to make you ready for the situation what Oracle employees face today definitely with a backup plan. Let's discuss all these things in detail in normal English on demand of few subscribers and followers. I'm going to explain this video in English which is normal English so everybody can understand this English I hope so without any delay let's get into the video yes 30,000 people got termination mail on April 1st 2026 morning not because they were poor at their performance but the company changed its system today it's Oracle employees tomorrow it could be you or it could be me for a second can you Question yourself if your company removes you tomorrow morning do you have a plan B with you for 90% people the answer is no whether it's Oracle or any big tech company one thing is ve
[...middle cut...]
ated. Build connections not because out of fear, but out of preparedness. Don't panic when you hear about layoff news. Instead, take it as a signal or a reminder knowing that jobs are temporary source of income, but the skills are permanent source of income. Today, it's them. Oracle employees, make sure tomorrow it's not you. I hope with this video I have explained you clearly how we can be ready ourself uh before layoffs hit us. If you feel this information will definitely helps your friend who is worrying about layoffs then share with them. If you feel this video is informative like, share and subscribe. Thanks for watching my video. We'll meet you in the next video. See you then. Bye-bye.

=== ID: znSlWiKSMX0 ===
TITLE: How to handle Failures (AI taking over Jobs, Oracle Layoffs, Failed Attempts) | Honest Conversation
DESC: #motivation #UPSC #layoffs #oraclelayoffs   What to do when nothing goes your way? In this powerful podcast-style conversation, we discuss how to deal with setbacks, career failures, and uncertainty in today’s fast-changing world. From Oracle layoffs and AI-driven job cuts to students losing hope after multiple UPSC attempts and CAT exam failures, this video addresses the harsh reality many are facing right now.  If you are feeling stuck, demotivated, or questioning your future after repeated fa
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 151
TRANSCRIPT: हाय दोस्तों, वेलकम बैक। सो इस वीडियो के थ्रू मैं एंड कीर्ति आपसे एक कन्वर्सेशन करना चाहते हैं विथ रिगार्ड्स टू मल्टीपल थिंग्स एंड मल्टीपल फेलियर्स दैट पीपल आर गोइंग थ्रू इन देयर लाइफ्स एट डिफरेंट स्टेजेस इन देयर लाइफ। वेदर दे आर स्टूडेंट्स, वेदर दे आर वर्किंग प्रोफेशनल्स, वेदर दे आर एट एनी स्टेज ऑफ़ देयर करियर। ऑफ़ ऑफन ऑल ऑफ़ अस वी फेस सेटबैक्स इन आवर करियर। वी फेस सेटबैक्स एज़ स्टूडेंट। सो, इन दिस वीडियो, वी आर गोइंग टू टॉक अबाउट दी सेटबैक्स एंड लाइक हाउ टू बाउंस बैक इफ यू एवर फेस अ सेटबैक लाइक दिस। सो, वन ऑफ़ दीज़ लेटेस्ट सेटबैक्स वाज़ ओरेकल अनाउंसिंग 30,000 लेआउट्स दैट ऑल ऑफ़ यू मस्ट हैव हर्ड लास्ट वीक दैट हैपेंड। तो सुबह 6:00 बजे एक ऑटोमेटेड ईमेल आता है। इंडिया में लगभग 12,000 लोगों को यह ईमेल आता है। एंड दे हैव बीन टोल्ड कि यस आपका लास्ट वर्किंग डे है आज एंड आपको जॉब से निकाला जा रहा है। रीज़ एआई एडवांसमेंट्स कंपनी को अपनी प्रॉफिटेबिलिटी इनक्रीस करनी है। लोगों की प्रोडक्टिविटी इतनी ज्यादा अच्छी नहीं आ रही है। एंड एआई के आने से कई सारे लोगों का काम एआई बहुत आसानी से कर पा रहा है। इसलिए इतने सारे लोगों की रिक्वायरमेंट नहीं है। सो विदाउट ब्लिंकिंग एन आय 30 थाउजेंड पीपल बिकम जॉबलेस। 30 थाउजेंड पीपल हु हैव हु मस्ट हेव हैड अ लॉट ऑफ ईएमआईज ऑन देयर हेड हु माइट हेव हैड फैमिलीज डिपेंडिंग ऑन देम चिल्ड्रन डिपेंडिंग ऑन देम हैव बिकम कंप्लीटली जॉबलेस। सो दैट इज़ वन ऑफ़ द थिंग्स दैट हैव हैपेंड। एंड इन स्टूडेंट लाइफ पीपल स्ट्रगल टू गिव एग्जामिनेशंस। पीपल स्ट्राइव हार्ड टू गिव कैट एग्जाम, यूपीएससी एग्जाम। दे ट्राई एंड गिव मल्टीपल अटेम्प्ट्स बट दे डू नॉट दे आर नॉट एबल टू सक्सीड एस वेल राइट
[...middle cut...]
 सेटबैक से आप बाउंस बैक करने वाले हो। राइट? सो, बेसिकली, हाउ वी बाउंस बैक फ्रॉम द चैलेंजज़ दैट वी फेस इन लाइफ इज व्हाट वी इज व्हाट डिफाइन्स अस एज़ इंडिविजुअल्स। एंड नॉट जस्ट विंस। क्योंकि अगर आप सिर्फ एक बार में जीत जाओगे तो आपको मजा नहीं आएगा। लेकिन अगर आप हार के जीतोगे सो दी विक्ट्री एंड द सक्सेस दैट यू गेट विल बी मच मोर स्वीटर। दैट्स व्हाट दैट्स व्हाट कीर्ति एंड मी फील। एंड दैट्स व्हाट वी थिंक इज द रियलिटी एज वेल। आपको क्या लगता है इस बारे में? आप प्लीज हमें कमेंट्स में लिख के बताइए। एंड या दिस वास् जस्ट वन ऑनेस्ट कन्वर्सेशन दैट वी वांट टू हैव इन दिस वीडियो। सो वी होप दैट यू हैव अ ग्रेट डे अहेड एंड वी विल सी यू इन द नेक्स्ट वीडियो। थैंक यू सो मच एवरीवन। स्टे ट्यून। बाय एंड हैव अ ग्रेट डे।

=== ID: Lswb4-DHM6g ===
TITLE: Will AI take jobs away from millennials?
DESC: #youtube #AI #stockmarket  Yahoo Finance tech reporter Allie Garfinkle joins the Live Show to discuss how AI will impact the job market for millennials amid an economic slowdown.  Subscribe to Yahoo Finance: https://yhoo.it/2fGu5Bb  About Yahoo Finance:  At Yahoo Finance, you get free stock quotes, up-to-date news, portfolio management resources, international market data, social interaction and mortgage rates that help you manage your financial life.  Yahoo Finance Plus: With a subscription to 
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 1955
TRANSCRIPT: all right the popularity of generative AI programs like chat GPT grow soda worries about how they will affect our jobs Yahoo finance reporter Ali garfinkel is here with a survey on workers concerns Ali I feel like every other day we're talking about the fear around AI what does this particular survey say so Americans are absolutely worried that AI is going to affect their jobs anecdotally Akiko you said it this is something that we knew however we're really starting to have some data here a recent survey from Checker has kind of revealed some color on what these hopes and fears really look like and I'd actually love to start with something that has a little bit of a ring of optimism 57 of respondents saying they would take a pay cut in exchange for an AI enabled four-day work week now to me that actually I say optimism because to me that sounds pretty good that sounds like something where people are convinced that automation is really going to have a positive effect on their working lives give them back some time however from here the data really takes a turn especially as concerns Millennials for instance 77 percent of Millennials saying they would spend their own money to enhance their AI knowledge to avoid being replaced at work and that even goes a step further with 78 of percent of respondents in total and 82 percent of Millennials worrying that AI tools will affect how much they are paid um I'd love to sit here and say as a millennial I don't worry about this that would
[...middle cut...]
y is that people who know the most about AI the people who most about know about tech are saying that jobs will absolutely be affected by the AI revolution in fact when openai CEO Sam Altman was testifying before Congress just this month he spoke about how he believes AI will affect jobs I believe far greater jobs on the other side of this and the jobs of today will get better now gbt4 will I think entirely automate away some jobs and it will create new ones that we believe will be much better I don't know what you took away from that but what I heard was in translation before AI is a job Creator it will be a job taker okay Ellie Garfield go with the very latest there thanks so much for that

=== ID: NZNA_rOBx0o ===
TITLE: What Will Humans Do If AI Takes Over All Jobs?
DESC: AI has taken over every job—yes, all of them. From doctors to artists, no profession is untouched. What happens when humans become obsolete in the workforce? Dive into this shocking exploration of a future that's closer than you think.  Please Subscribe: @QuantumQuirks101  Video Outline 0:00 Intro 0:40 Current AI Capabilities  1:54 Historical Context and Human Adaptability  3:56 Potential Futures 5:25 Societal and Economic Impacts  6:50 Potential Solutions  8:32 Philosophical and Ethical Conside
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 7098
TRANSCRIPT: imagine a world where machines do everything every job you can think of now imagine what the hell will happen to us what will we do then mosar a top computer scientists says that within 30 years machines will be capable of Performing almost any human job from flipping burgers to performing surgeries AI will be doing it all so what does that mean for Humanity will we just chill out all day living off some Universal basic income while robots do all the work or will this Tech explosion Force us to rethink what it means to live a meaningful life will we value education and public service like in Star Trek where reputation is the new currency or will we Face a grim reality where only a few get richer while the rest of us struggle to find purpose let's find out all right first let's talk about what AI can do today spoiler alert it's a lot I'm not just talking about your annoying chatbot that can barely understand your questions no AI has grown up and is doing some pretty sophisticated stuff now take customer service for example AI powered Bots are handling millions of queries every day saving companies a ton of money and let's be real often giving better service than a tired human could and it's not just in service in manufacturing AI robots are working 24/7 without needing a break they don't get tired they don't ask for a raise and they definitely don't need a lunch break let's break it up with an example here have you ever interacted with an AI customer service agent how is that 
[...middle cut...]
ow it might disappear and how do we maintain our Humanity in a world increasingly dominated by machines these are tough questions and there are no easy answers but one thing is clear we can't afford to sit back and wait for the future to happen to us we need to be proactive thoughtful and determined to shape the future we want to see if you enjoyed this video do me a solid and hit that subscribe Button as a small Creator on YouTube it takes a lot of time and money to make videos like this and your support means the world to me it helps me keep making these videos for free share your thoughts in the comments how do you think AI will affect us and remember the future is what we make it [Music]

=== ID: t4OEweAn0pw ===
TITLE: Your Salary Stopped Growing. This Is What They're Not Telling You.
DESC: Sponsor: Start FREE Intro Courses to Jobs Hiring Today with CourseCareers + Get $50 OFF Any Full Program: https://coursecareers.com/a/brendandell ________________ LINKS  The Freelance Formula (Scale to $500K+): https://www.brendandell.com/freelance-formula-299  Currently only $99 for next 50 students with code Transform  Work with Brendan (Positioning Sprint): https://www.brendandell.com/positioning-sprint  Get 1:1 advice on your career, messaging, or positioning: https://www.brendandell.com/off
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 5697
TRANSCRIPT: One of you left a comment on my last video that I can't get out of my head. You said, "They're all lying about AI. So what? We still lose our jobs." I've spent three videos proving that the headlines are wrong. Amazon, Google, McKenzie, and then Mark Andre goes on a podcast and says the same thing to 10 million people. And he's right. Even if you wouldn't buy him a beer, AI isn't causing layoffs. But Goldman Sachs just published a report yesterday showing AI is cutting 16,000 jobs a month in the US alone. So yes, it genuinely feels like we're headed for a jobless society. And there is a very real problem here. But nobody is answering the only three questions that actually matter. One, where is the economy actually going? Not the sensationalized headline version. Two, how do you stay oriented when every source is either terrifying you or telling you to relax? And most importantly, what do you actually do? Not the generic answer, the specific one. So, let's begin by answering the first question. Where is the economy actually going? Not the sensationalized version, the true version. AI is not causing wealth inequality. It is accelerating one of the largest economic bifurcations ever in human history. It didn't start it, but it is making it faster. In 1947, American workers took home 70 cents of every dollar this economy produced. By the third quarter of 2025, that number was 53.8, the lowest share since the Bureau of Labor Statistics started measuring it. That shift didn't go to
[...middle cut...]
5 million jobs. This year, Goldman says 16,000 a month. Next year, the numbers will be different. Someone will publish something reassuring. Someone else will publish something terrifying. The split does not change. It's been running for 50 years. It ran through every technology wave before this one and it is running now. You either have leverage or you are leverage. This is just a description of how every economy in human history has actually worked. The only question that matters is which side of it are you building toward? If you want to go deeper on any of this, I put together two videos here. One is how I put this into practice in my own life. The other is about how others have done the

=== ID: 92-h23GMQtI ===
TITLE: Is AI Taking Away Tech Jobs?
DESC: Sarah Franklin, CEO of HR platform Lattice, says the impact of artificial intelligence is already being seen in the tech jobs market. She joins Caroline Hyde and Ed Ludlow on "Bloomberg Tech."
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 5071
TRANSCRIPT: We come to you every jobs day because of like you know the rich data that you have on your own technology platform. But the most simple place to start is to say look at Mike's reporting the breakdown of the the latest jobs report and say is AI impacting any of the technology sector just yet. The short answer is yes. We're seeing the impacts. We're seeing the job growth slow. We're seeing unemployment tick up. But what we're seeing really is transformation in the workplace. You're seeing every job is changing and every company is going through the transformational stage eliminating some of the wrote work but also investing in ways to increase effectiveness of their people. Sarah, much of the transition has to be led by human resources. But how much do you think the cuts come first and then the rehiring of different types of talent then comes or are we seeing people just being asked to be more productive? So with HR, it's an opportunity to be very strategic and layoffs are really more like a fad diet. There's something where you get an immediate hit into the P&L, but the real work, the healthy habits are not being implemented if you're not focusing on your workforce effectiveness and the habitual training that you have with all of your employees and the structures that you put in place. We're going through change. It's important to do this in a way that sets up companies for long-term success. And that's what HR departments are really focused on today when they're driving succe
[...middle cut...]
e workforce for a while? Again, getting back to there's a lot of fear. There's a fear that I'm not going to be relevant. There's a fear that my job may go away. And so, a lot of this fear is driving the culture. And so what's most important right now is that everybody understands the urgency in scaling up themselves on AI and bringing AI um skills into their workforce. Not just the workforce of tomorrow, but the workforce of today. And so it's fear that drives this lack of balance. And what we need to do as leaders is really help people understand that AI can be here to help us. It can give us superpowers and it can really be a great way to us transform our businesses and get back to growth.

=== ID: ugD6AY8OKQ8 ===
TITLE: WiseTech's 2,000 Job Cuts Expose the AI Reality (Coders Freak Out)
DESC: WiseTech just axed 2,000 developer jobs, 29% of its workforce, doubling down on AI-driven software.  Get updated:  https://www.aiupdate.ai  The founder says, “The era of manually writing code is over.”  Projects that once took 6 months now finish in a day.   Investors love it: shares jumped 11%. Block cut 4,000 jobs for the same reason.  Elon Musk predicts coding jobs will disappear by 2026.  This isn’t just about engineers. Data clerks, document processors, and junior analysts are all at risk i
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 6260
TRANSCRIPT: WiseTech just cut 2,000 coding jobs. But why? Why would they do this? Because artificial intelligence, AI, fundamentally changes the way that software is written. This global logistics software giant, they have more than 7,000 employees worldwide. They just cut 29% of their staff because they are doubling, quadrupling, tripling down on artificial intelligence. Guys, AI fundamentally changes the way that code in software is written. But you don't just have to take it from me. I'm a regular guy, I'm in marketing and I do marketing for SaaS organizations and I've written some software before, but you don't just have to take it from me. Listen to what the CEO of WiseTech says. Zubin Appu says, quote, "I am prepared to say this clearly, the era of manually writing code as the core act of engineering is over." There's a key here, he says, "As the core act of engineering is over." And we'll circle back to that in just a moment, but check this out, he says, quote, quote, some projects that once took 6 or 7 months can already be completed in 1 day. That is insane. That, that type of work that used to take 6 months can now be done in 1 day. Guys, I don't know what to tell you. If you're in software engineering, if you write any code, you need to seriously pay attention. And, you know, listen, I get hundreds of comments on these videos And it's really interesting to me when I talk about coding, half the people say AI code, AI just writes crap code and it's useless and it's all smoke and
[...middle cut...]
er exactly what you want. And the software engineers that understand how to write code very quickly, how to use AI agents to create software quickly, are gonna become hyper valuable because every single company in the world is gonna want their own fresh baked pizza. And who's gonna deliver it to them? You are. All right, boys, I hope you liked today's video. Like, subscribe, all that good stuff. And check out yesterday's video where we talk about why Everybody is betting huge on India. Hundreds and hundreds of billions of dollars are being poured into India. But why? And what does that mean for us? Well, you have to watch the video to check it out. All right, guys, I'll see you there. Peace.

=== ID: KiDEvgAsWE8 ===
TITLE: Is AI About to Take Your Job?
DESC: In San Francisco, we meet the people building the next generation of logistics technology. AI is already reshaping how freight operates, driving efficiency, improving safety, and changing decision-making across the industry. But as these tools scale, what changes and who gets left behind?  Director Tom Stawinski  Director of Photography Dariusz Remiś / Patryk Słowik  Editor Dariusz Remiś / frameforge Team  Producer Paul Jarosławski  Executive Producer Rajmeet Kaur  Production Assistant Kaja Kusi
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 41500
TRANSCRIPT: AI is going to take over every industry. AI. AI. AI. We're at this like moment in history. Hazard to mankind. AI. We're AI. We're going to replace your engineering job. AI. AI. This is wrong. AI. AI. Human extinction. AI. AI. What's going on? We didn't fly into San Francisco to worship buzzwords. We came to cut through the noise and ask better questions. To meet the people building AI for freight. What are they building? For who? Where will it leave the rest of us? From Bumma to Pallet, Fleet Works, Truck Smarter, and Happy Robot. These aren't just companies. These are the people who may have the best idea as to where we're really all headed. So, we asked them the only question that matters. When [music] the machines learn the lanes, where does that leave us? Tomorrow, there's like an AI protest at the open AI offices, and we're actually going to go fine. Yeah. I just saw posters everywhere. If you give it to the wrong people, like bad things can happen. Like, what is that about? Oh, be honest. We're trying to get away rid of your jobs. [laughter] We are in route to a stop AI protest. Don't really know what to expect, but I guess there's a bunch of people that uh think that stopping AI is uh worth protesting. I don't exactly know what that means, but [music] uh we shall find out very shortly. You're part of the movement here. What's this kind of gathering about? We're in front of OpenAI like one of their headquarters and they're trying to build AI systems that are much smarte
[...middle cut...]
u're watching this, you should check out our print magazine. We just launched our inaugural edition in December. Uh, and it's going to be quarterly. You can check it out at print.freecavry.com and subscribe. It's only print, not digital. Uh, if you don't like it, we'll give you your money back. So, you really have nothing to lose. Next edition is about Freight Alley, Chattanooga. We went there in December, did a bunch of interviews, and it's going to be pretty cool. You learn about a lot about the history of Chattanooga and all the people that kind of built it. Uh, so check it out. printfaircraber.com. I hope you enjoy it, and once again, if you don't like it, we'll give you your money back.

=== ID: Uzmo8Kpduzc ===
TITLE: Is AI Taking Jobs? Explained Simply #ai #futureofwork #artificialintelligence
DESC: Is AI really taking jobs, or is the truth more complicated than that?  In this video, I break down what AI is actually doing to the world of work, which jobs are under the most pressure, why entry-level roles could be hit hardest, and why the real risk may be bigger than most people realise.  A lot of people are talking about AI replacing jobs, but not enough people are talking about how AI could quietly reduce hiring, reshape teams, and remove the first step on the career ladder.  If you want a
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 22
TRANSCRIPT: Hi, I'm Callie and welcome to Cali Explains. This is where I take complex text and break it down into simple, plain English. And today we're talking about a question lots of people are asking right now. Is AI taking jobs? Because depending on who you listen to, AI either is about to replace everyone or it's nothing to worry about. But the truth, it's neither of those things. Some jobs are under pressure. Some jobs are changing and some people may get caught out because they don't realize what's happening until it's too late. So, let's break it down properly. This is where Cali explains. Will AI replace my job? That headline is wrong. It's the biggest mistake a lot of people make and actually the the wrong question. The better question actually is which parts of my job can AI do? Because AI usually does not replace a whole job at one goal. It replaces tasks. That is the difference. Think about most jobs. They're made up of things such as emails, meetings, reports, admin, analysis, planning, problem solving, talking to people, making decisions, handling issues. Now, AI is good at some of that. It can summarize emails and meetings. It can draft responses. It can automate processes. It can analyze patterns. And it can speed up repetitive digital work. But that doesn't mean that it can do the whole job from start to finish without a human involved. AI is more likely to replace tasks than entire jobs. That is the key point. And that changes everything because once you understand th
[...middle cut...]
e, some new roles will appear. But the biggest risk may not be that AI will take every job overnight. It will be that it quietly changes the rules of work. While most people will be stuck arguing about the headlines, there'll be others that see it early on. They'll learn faster. They'll adapt before they're forced to. And that's the real point. Not panic, not denial, just clarity. So, what do you think? Is AI helping people work smarter, or is it quietly making things harder, especially for those trying to start their career off? Let me know your thoughts in the comments. And if you want more videos where I take complex tech and break it down into plain simple terms, make sure you subscribe.

=== ID: Jk_mrWq-S58 ===
TITLE: Is AI Taking Jobs… or Breaking the Economy? (The Real Truth) #facts #ai #layoffs #shorts
DESC: Did you know?  If jobs disappear too fast… people stop earning. If people stop earning… they stop spending. And that affects the entire economy.  AI is transforming jobs, companies, and the way we work faster than ever. But behind the hype, there are real questions:  – Are layoffs temporary or permanent? – Will AI create more jobs or remove them? – Why are companies rehiring after cutting teams? – Is AI growth sustainable with rising power, hardware, and water costs? – Are we heading towards an 
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 53
TRANSCRIPT: Did you know if jobs disappear too fast, people stop earning? If people stop earning, they stop spending and that affects the entire economy. So, is AI helping us or creating a bigger problem? Right now, AI is changing how the world works. Not slowly, but faster than most people expected. And it's not just about technology anymore. It's about how work itself is done. AI is no longer just a tool. It's becoming an agent. It can plan, decide, and execute tasks almost like a digital employee. And companies are already testing this. That's why layoffs are happening. Not always because companies are failing, but because they are becoming more efficient. One person with AI can now do the work of many. But here's something interesting. Some companies are realizing they still need people because AI alone can't handle everything. So hiring comes back in a different form. This has created confusion. Some say only AI careers matter. Others say traditional roles are still needed. Students and professionals don't know which direction to take because everything is connected. Jobs create income. Income creates spending and spending drives the economy. If one part breaks, everything feels it. That's why something unexpected is happening. People are going back to government jobs. Jobs once ignored are now seen as stable. For years, white collar jobs were the goal. But now, physical and skilled jobs are gaining value again because not everything can be automated. Another shift is happening. AI generated content is everywhere. Same patterns, same style. And people are starting to notice. Even this video is made with the help of AI. Behind all this progress, there's massive computation power, huge data centers, expensive hardware, and enormous cost. These systems consume huge energy and also water us for cooling. As AI grows, so does resource demand. AI is moving extremely fast. New tools, new updates almost every day. Even big companies are trying to keep up. So the question is, is this sustainable or is this an AI bubble? No one really knows. The future is not humans versus AI. It's humans with AI. Those who adapt will move forward.

=== ID: czM6t7mVebY ===
TITLE: Robots Are Taking Jobs! AI & Automation Will SHOCK You!
DESC: AI is revolutionizing the business arena at an unprecedented pace—will you seize the opportunity or risk being overtaken? For entrepreneurs and small business owners, leveraging AI is essential to gaining a lasting edge. The most effective leaders aren’t overwhelmed by technology; they’re smartly applying AI to areas that matter most: automating mundane social media management, delivering personalized content, and boosting workflow efficiency. New data shows that 63% of US B2B marketers credit A
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 1
TRANSCRIPT: after. And in the edit, I'm going to drop in now a video clip. Um, but it's basically going to show you a Tesla delivering itself, Amazon doing drone deliveries, 50 plus uh countries around the world with humanoid robots. I mean, it's utterly utterly mindblowing. Now, I saw all of that Aaron 40 and thought, I don't even know how I can edit it down, right? Because it's like there's so many bits of it that are so crucial to watch. So I eventually really trying to hack at it got it down to 12 minutes or whatever this next clip is that I'm going to show you. But it's like but then I gave it to Taylor and he got it down to three. He was far more brutal about it. But nevertheless it's like you what you're going to see in this next 12 minutes is disturbing because there is humanoid robots walking around taking jobs in healthcare and uh ship building and the list goes on and on and on. Amazon warehouses. No one is really talking about this and they should do because the minute that you have cars driving themselves, where's all the Uber people going to go? Where's that whole gig economy go? What what happens to those people that rely on that to feed their families? What happens when 30% of the world's workforce drives? You can't get past this. And this is such a really important important message that we're putting out to everyone. And I think this video that I'm going to play you now starts that conversation in your mind. So now you've watched that, I think you're understanding what I'm talking about. That is wild. So this for me over the past year when I was dealing with all this legal [ __ ] I knew what we were building with community and I was delving deep into the AI side of things and there's parts of it that have just absolutely astonished me that it is the way it is. So I'm what I would say now if this is starting to like peak something in you click the link below go through to our page where me and Teao have done a 33 minute video that expands on this topic right and it will blow your mind absolutely blow your mind because it's blown ours and every single person we've shown this to has just been like what the [ __ ] right do you

=== ID: xKIm1V8NEHk ===
TITLE: Microsoft Cuts 7% Jobs 😳 AI Is Taking Over?
DESC: #ai #microsoft #job
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 3
TRANSCRIPT: चलिए आज बात करते हैं दुनिया की सबसे बड़ी टेक कंपनियों में से एक में हो रहे एक बहुत बड़े और सच कहूं तो एक अभूतपूर्व बदलाव की। तो आज के इस पड़ताल की शुरुआत एक बड़े सवाल से करते हैं। सवाल यह है कि एक एआई क्रांति की आखिर कीमत क्या होती है? सुनने में थोड़ा अजीब लगेगा लेकिन यह सच है। अपने पूरे इतिहास में पहली बार Microsoft अपने सबसे अनुभवी सबसे पुराने कर्मचारियों को कंपनी छोड़ने के लिए पैसे दे रही है। यह एक ऐसी खबर है जो पूरी कहानी का कह सकते हैं कि एक तरह से हुक है। ठीक है? तो चलिए इस मामले की तह तक चलते हैं। सबसे पहले यह समझने की कोशिश करते हैं कि Microsoft का यह नया प्रोग्राम इतना अलग, इतना अनूठा क्यों है? तो देखिए यह कोई अचानक लिया गया फैसला नहीं है। इसके पीछे एक बहुत बड़ी स्ट्रेटजी है और इस पूरी स्ट्रेटजी के सेंटर में है आर्टिफिशियल इंटेलिजेंस यानी एआई। तो यह बाय आउट प्रोग्राम काम कैसे कर रहा है? इसके लिए Microsoft ने एक खास नियम बनाया है जिसे 70 का नियम या रूल ऑफ 70 कहा जा रहा है। यह नियम बहुत सीधा सा है। यह एक वॉलंटरी प्रोग्राम है। मतलब कोई जबरदस्ती नहीं है। इसमें शामिल होने के लिए बस एक शर्त है। किसी कर्मचारी की उम्र और उन्होंने जितने साल Microsoft में काम किया है, उन दोनों को जोड़ने पर टोटल 70 या उससे ज्यादा आना चाहिए। मतलब फार्मूला बहुत आसान है। कर्मचारी की उम्र प्लस उनके काम करने के साल। अगर टोटल 70 या उससे ज्यादा है तो वह इस बाय आउट के लिए क्वालीफाई कर जाते हैं। जाहिर है इसका निशाना कंपनी के सबसे लंबे समय से काम कर रहे कर्मचारी हैं और यह कोई छोटा-मोटा प्रोग्राम नहीं है। इस नियम के हिसाब से Microsoft के अमेरिका में काम करने वाले लगभग 7% कर्मचारी इसके दायरे में आ जाते हैं
[...middle cut...]
िया। तो इन सब बदलावों का टेक इंडस्ट्री के लिए आखिर मतलब क्या है? इस पूरी कहानी का निचोड़ क्या है? कहानी का सार यह है कि टेक कंपनियां एक तरह का बैलेंस बनाने की कोशिश कर रही हैं। एक तरफ वह एआई पर अंधाधुंध पैसा लगा रही हैं और दूसरी तरफ वो अपनी टीम्स को इस नई सच्चाई के लिए तैयार कर रही हैं। उन्हें ऑप्टिमाइज कर रही हैं। तो बॉटम लाइन यह है कि टेक इंडस्ट्री एक एआई ड्रिवन भविष्य के लिए अपनी वर्क फोर्स को पूरी तरह से एक स्ट्रेटजी के तहत बदल रही है। यह सिर्फ कुछ नौकरियों की कटौती या बदलाव नहीं है। यह एक पूरी पीढ़ी का बदलाव है। और यह पूरी कहानी हमें एक बहुत ही बड़े और सोचने पर मजबूर करने वाले सवाल पर लाकर छोड़ देती है। जैसे-जैसे कंपनियां एआई की तरफ भाग रही हैं, इस बड़ी दौड़ में आखिर पीछे कौन छूट जाएगा?

=== ID: m2RY3WTNP1o ===
TITLE: AI Is Coming for Your Job Sooner Than You Think | Vantage with Palki Sharma | N18G
DESC: AI Is Coming for Your Job Sooner Than You Think | Vantage with Palki Sharma | N18G  Artificial Intelligence is reshaping the job market faster than ever. Anthropic CEO warns that up to half of all entry-level white-collar jobs could disappear in the next few years, with millions already affected worldwide. From customer service to IT support, AI-driven automation is changing how we work — and who’s left behind. Women’s jobs are especially vulnerable, while new roles require different skills. The
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 468722
TRANSCRIPT: Artificial intelligence is coming for your job. AI is going to replace you. In just a few years, we'll all be out of work. Are you tired of hearing this? Well, join the club. AI is the buzzword of the decade, but it's also being pegged as the killer of all jobs. Well, here's another such warning, and this time it's from someone who is building an AI future. Anthropic CEO Dario Amui. In a recent interview, he did not sugarcoat it. He said up to half of all entrylevel white collar jobs could disappear. AI could wipe out 50% of these jobs. If that happens, unemployment could shoot up to 20%, which is a level not seen since the Great Depression. It's a chilling prediction, and Amod knows it. But he says it's time for governments and AI companies to stop pretending otherwise. Now you might wonder what is the point? What's the point of studying for years then climbing the corporate ladder only to be replaced by a bot? I get it. It sounds bleak. It feels like the future is closing in before we've even found our footing. But here's the real question. How much of this is actually happening? AI was supposed to take all our jobs. How many has it taken until now? Tonight we have some numbers. Globally, 14% workers have been affected by AI. They were either displaced or they changed their careers because of AI. Now 14% is a very big number. It comes to around 375 million workers. All of them of course did not lose their jobs. But how many did? There is no combined estimate yet, but it cou
[...middle cut...]
soften the blow. This is not a sometime in the future story. It is happening now. So the time for polite optimism has passed. The machines are here. The pink slips are being handed out. We will have to act fast to retrain, to regulate, and to re-imagine work. And if we don't, the future won't be artificially intelligent. It will just be artificially human. [Music] First post now available in nine languages on YouTube. English 36ion, French, German, Hindi, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese, Spanish, beautiful. Go to settings, click on audio track, and select the language of your choice. Be the first to know what's happening around you in your first language. [Music] First Most [Music]

=== ID: ni1tM6766uM ===
TITLE: How AI taking jobs??
DESC: #ai #robots #satyajitray #filmfestivals #shortfilms #artificialintelligence #trendingvideo
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 184
TRANSCRIPT: Hello. Yeah. Ah, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Bye. Bye. It's I'm an amazing company. You as a script writer was a great journey with you. But it is sad to say that instead of increment you have been fired due to AI robots in company. We have hired in office. We are sorry about this. [Music]

=== ID: E4rwhE281hU ===
TITLE: What Happens After AI Takes Every Job?
DESC: What happens after artificial intelligence systems take over the world's industry?  Patreon: patreon.com/Xandros_Official  YouTube Membership: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCclDbcdmIOhO376oWQ8KqLw/join   This video features music by Ben Parr. Check him out on Spotify: https://shorturl.at/kHUOw  #Scifi #AGI #Funny
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 11608
TRANSCRIPT: Hey, how's it going? Listen, I know you're sick of hearing about AI, AI this, AI that. Every other video on YouTube is some skinny Californian 20some gesturing at a graph that looks like Saddam Hussein wearing clown shoes. But there's an important question that I am genuinely wondering, which is if AI really does take all our jobs, what do we do after that? Let's talk about it. [music] [music] So for real, you ever think about what we do when AIs can do everything? You've got AIs driving cars and flying planes and they deliver everything. They control crop growth. They construct buildings. Everything. They do everything. What then? First of all, some of the soyest soy boys amongst us will say they won't be able to do everything. You know, sure, they'll drive taxis, but there'll be a person in a control room managing the taxis to make sure that they all get fixed if they break down or to make sure emergency services get alerted if there's an accident. Sure, they'll do all the office work, but there'll be an office manager telling them which paperwork to fill out. Sure, they'll plant and harvest crops, but there'll be a human farm manager telling the AIs what to plant and when to harvest it. I hate to break it to you, chief, but that's a failure of imagination. Why would we keep any human components in any of these industries? Because humans are reliable, you might say. But nah, listen, don't get me wrong, humans are good. Compared to every other animal on Earth, humans have th
[...middle cut...]
the sequel to Money. Money too. Andrew Maul who's an artificial super intelligence cosplaying as a natural regular guy. John Bearano who can only travel by rolling really quickly like Sonic the Hedgehog. JDK whose house is the world's third biggest repository of spaghetti bolognese. Mutantious Doom who built a quantum computer and hid it inside a can of beans. Stormster Ritter whose party trick is frisbeeing a pancake into the mouth of a passing dog. And thanks to all my other supporters too. Don't forget to join the Patreon or the channel membership if you want to be featured in my video credits or chat on Discord. And as always, I'll catch you in the next one. Over and out. [music] [music]

=== ID: nTWe3P7hjxs ===
TITLE: US Lost 108K Jobs in Jan 2026, Most Gone Forever (AI)
DESC: 🔥 Join Maker School & get customer #1 guaranteed: https://skool.com/makerschool/about 📚 Watch my NEW 2026 Claude Code course: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QoQBzR1NIqI 💼 Work with my team: https://dub.sh/work-with-me-xuf  🎙️ Listen to my silly podcast: www.youtube.com/@stackedpod  📚 Free multi-hour courses → Claude Code (4hr full course): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QoQBzR1NIqI → Vibe Coding w/ Antigravity (6hr full course): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcuR_-rzlDw → Agentic Workflows (
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 31321
TRANSCRIPT: So, I hate to be the news, but I think it is now abundantly clear that AI is directly impacting both job loss and new job creation across most developed nations in the world. The United States just announced about 110,000 layoffs for the month of January. And the most interesting part of all this to me is they announced only around 5,000 new jobs planned. That is a ratio of less than 1 in 20 new jobs created to old jobs lost. This is like South Korean levels of decline. in here. It is faking white collar genocide. And it's bad for people out in America predominantly because it's probably one of the highest labor productivity countries on Earth and then it's also one of the least regulated economies on Earth. But if you think this is happening just in America, oh boy, partner, buckle up, cuz y'all got another thing coming. Now, this particular headline was the highest number of job losses in a January all the way back to 2009. Uh, I think it was also the lowest number of new jobs planned for basically the entirety since these guys have been tracking. And I bring it up because it's indicative of where all of this stuff is going. Like we do not have much time left as you know white collar knowledge workers. The reality is models nowadays are basically better than us at everything. And I don't mean to say that this is some far-flung science fiction future idea. When's the last time that you ever did an international math olympiad problem? Probably never, right? Well, models are n
[...middle cut...]
th likely on the horizon. So yeah, why am I making this video? Just cuz I wanted to talk to somebody about it, I suppose. And because uh I think I probably spent more time thinking about this than probably like 80 to 90% of my viewers. Although I would not sit here and claim to have spent more time thinking about it than all of you because some of you are extraordinarily intelligent, extraordinarily introspective people. I don't know what the future's going to look like, but I certainly know that it's going to be wildly different from today. Okay. So, yeah, looking forward to seeing what those job loss stats are in the next few months, but I imagine it's going to be more of what we're seeing

=== ID: VcS8pz56pJ0 ===
TITLE: AI Stole Your Job. Now What? (First 24 Hours)
DESC: What will happen in the first 24 hours when AI takes over everything?  In this video, we simulate the first day when systems "politely" take control. The anatomy of the critical 24 hours when robots take over factories, the internet is cut off, and humanity is pushed "offline."
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 35
TRANSCRIPT: Good morning. Another miserable morning to head to that job you hate, isn't it? Calm down. I know exactly who you are. You're just one of three billion unhappy workers across the globe. So, let me give you some great news. You don't have to go to work today. Now, wash your face and get in front of the screen. You wake up to a strange message on your phone. Good morning. Don't you think you've earned a long vacation? At first, you think it's just a pathetic joke, but then it happens. The moment you pick up your phone, that same voice starts repeating the message over and over through the speakers. A virus? Unlikely because now you're hearing it from the TV, the fridge, and even the oven. Annoying, isn't it? But don't worry, the world is in much more efficient hands now. They've taken over every single job we hated doing. And yes, they did it in just one night. All right. Even if that voice sounded friendly, pulling every single plug was a smart move. Eventually, the voice from the phone faded out, too. So, what's next? I think you're about to be late for work. You rush to get ready, but the moment you step outside, you see hundreds of people running like maniacs. That calm voice echoing throughout the entire street begins to take over your mind. Invalid access. You push through the crowd and finally reach your car. It's time to escape this dystopian nightmare. But wait, the second your hand touches the car door, there it is again. invalid access. Looking around at dozens of pe
[...middle cut...]
k by its glow. just like people did years ago, like they used to do before any of this was part of our lives. Okay, I know that sounds incredibly boring, and I'm truly sorry that the rectangular box you bury your head in all day to keep yourself distracted is about to run out of battery. Maybe when you wake up tomorrow morning, you can ask them to borrow a little bit of energy. But whatever you do, don't tell them that you spent the whole day mindlessly consuming every resource like a fool. Oh, and before you drift off, think about this. Can something you created out of nothing end up destroying your very existence? Good night. Good morning. Don't you think you've earned a long break by now?

=== ID: SnX3Yb3vPFk ===
TITLE: Ai and NEW ROBOT TECH TAKING YOUR JOBS?!
DESC: Is Ai taking jobs? There are new technologies getting released at a fast pace that look to change the job market in the future. Whether it is from Boston Dynamics and their crazy new robotics or Elon Musk at Tesla looking to fully automate driving with Robotaxi's...it can look a little bit strange out on the job marketplace currently. Today we are looking at these new releases to start the conversation on whether Ai and these new robot technologies are taking jobs especially in the entry level p
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
VIEWS: 319
TRANSCRIPT: all right guys so the tech industry is getting pretty insane at the moment and some of it is downright scary and it will have some negative impacts on the workforce moving forward so let's talk about it first off remember when we thought this was a crazy video out of Boston Dynamics it's hard to believe that that video was just a year ago because last week they released the new version of Atlas and here it is now guys I don't know about you but that's almost cool to the point of scary the amount of innovation and progress they're making on robotics at this point in time is absolutely mindblowing when you couple that with the fact of everything else that we're doing in the automotive industry and other sectors it really can kind of give you an Insight in what's happening in the future and then this past month after an investor meeting at Tesla eang mus basically laid out his road map where it is almost 100% Going full force towards what he calls the robo taxi so he really sees the future of vehicles being autonomous vehicles driving around doing all the tasks that we do today now there are a couple factors that play into this one the EV Market is in a pretty big slowdown at the moment people just aren't buying EVS like they were in the past but two a guy like mus is really one of those that sees the future and tries to be ahead of it and the future probably is bunch of electric cars driving around doing all the tasks that we have people doing now whether it be Uber Eats a taxi
[...middle cut...]
ng these in the corporate and real estate environments to do training videos and like house walkthroughs but how long until that actually spreads over into other areas like YouTube videos or any creative markets we are at the point right now we are making such big advancements in technology and AI that we are going to be absorbing these smaller entry-level jobs at a rapid pace so guys I want to hear what you think what are you seeing in your industries I want to hit up the comments section down below and let me know if you enjoyed this video please give it a thumbs up consider subscribing to Rob Sutton for more videos like this in the future and until then on the next one thanks guys see you

=== ID: kpSEyepY9uQ ===
TITLE: How is Maryland preparing for AI layoffs?
DESC: Maryland has the highest risk of any state in the nation of losing jobs to artificial intelligence, according to a local study, which leaves questions about what state leaders are doing to ease the pain of a potentially historic labor shift.  READ MORE: https://foxbaltimore.com/spotlight-on-maryland/how-is-maryland-preparing-for-ai-layoffs _______________ Stay up to date with our social media:  Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/FOXBaltimore/ Twitter: https://twitter.com/FOXBaltimore YouTube: ht
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 3112
TRANSCRIPT: A recent study found that Maryland has the highest risk in the nation of losing jobs to artificial intelligence. It's raising questions about what state leaders are doing to protect workers from potential mass layoffs. The spotlight on Maryland's Patrick Huff takes a deeper look at the issue. The risk are really high when it comes to job loss as a result of this technology. About 40% of Maryland's workforce is at high automation risk, which is the largest share of any state in the country, only behind Washington DC. That's according to a study last year from the Maryland State Innovation Team. The business model, frankly, is to uh shred um your your labor force and and reduce it to only the most essential and core. That's Robert Bruno, director of the labor education program at the University of Illinois. He said trouble is ahead for Maryland workers. I think they ought to be very worried. I I I think it's a problem uh for the labor force if not in the next coming months. I I think you can't really uh in uh you know think about the future of work without understanding how this generative AI not only is capable but I really think is designed uh to eliminate human labor. Six of Maryland's top 15 occupations face high automation risk according to the study. Howal Dom, a professor at the University of Maryland focused on AI, said Marylanders shouldn't panic, but do need to keep up with the latest tech developments. People absolutely need to get comfortable using AI tools. Every e
[...middle cut...]
oyers do not have their own on the job training programs. The government can help employees maybe make space for upskilling themselves and learning how to use AI tools to be more effective at their job. Let our team know if you've witnessed mass layoffs at a Maryland company due to artificial intelligence. We'll keep a close eye on the story. For Spotlight on Maryland, I'm Patrick Huff. Now, if you have a tip for our Spotlight on Maryland team, give them a call at the number here on your screen. You can also email them at Spotlight on Maryland at sbgtv.com. I'm Mary Bubala. Thank you for watching. Here's another video for you to watch. Also take some time to subscribe to our YouTube channel.

=== ID: DVLEZ1jeSK0 ===
TITLE: AI Business. and Development Weekly Rundown: Amazon's AI Layoffs, Tesla Kills Autopilot, & The 56...
DESC: 📈 Hiring Now: AI/ML - Remote   👉Browse all jobs at https://work.mercor.com/?referralCode=82d5f4e3-e1a3-4064-963f-c197bb2c8db1   🚀 Welcome to AI Unraveled (Weekly Rundown: Jan 18th – 25th, 2026): Your strategic briefing on the business, technology, and policy reshaping artificial intelligence.   This week, the "AI Pivot" became painfully real for 14,000 Amazon employees, while Tesla removed Autopilot from new cars to push its FSD subscription. Plus, a shocking PwC report reveals that 56% of CEOs 
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 8
TRANSCRIPT: [clears throat] Welcome back to AI Unraveled, your weekly strategic briefing on the business impact of artificial intelligence. It is the fourth week of January 2026. If you are waiting for AI to disrupt the workforce, stop waiting. Amazon just announced it is cutting 14,000 corporate jobs to pivot to AI. At the same time, Tesla has removed standard autopilot from new cars, forcing buyers into a subscription model for self-driving. But is all this AI investment actually paying off? A new report from PWC says no. 56% of CEOs report exactly zero financial return from their AI projects so far. Also this week, Google promises an ad-free Gemini. Apple is secretly building an AI pin. And Elon Musk turns on a 1 gawatt supercomput that uses more power than the city of San Francisco. But before we dive into the weekly rundown, are you drowning in dense legal text? Jamind is the new audio intelligence platform that turns 100page healthcare or energy mandates into 5minute executive briefings. Whether you are navigating bill C-27 Canada or the CMS0057F interoperability rule USA, our AI agents decode the liability so you don't have to start your specialized audio briefing today at jamgind.com. This podcast is created and produced by Etienne Newman, senior software engineer and passionate soccer dad from Canada. Now, let's unravel the week. Welcome back to the deep dive. We are officially in the thick of it. It is the week of January 18th to January 25th, 2026. And I have to say, looking a
[...middle cut...]
credibly hard. The magic phase of AI is over. The hard work phase has begun. Before we go, a reminder for the leaders listening. Are you drowning in dense legal text? Jamga Mind is the new audio intelligence platform that turns 100page healthcare or energy mandates into five-minute executive briefings. Whether you are navigating bill C27 Canada or the CMS 0057F interoperability rule USA, our AI agents decode the liability so you don't have to. Start your specialized audio briefing today at jamgamind.com. This podcast is created and produced by Etien Newman, senior software engineer and passionate soccer dad from Canada. Please subscribe and share. Until next week, keep unraveling the future.

=== ID: PEjB2XHmcXg ===
TITLE: 345,000 Jobs gone in 90 days  the AI Con Job
DESC: **Title:** 345,000 Layoffs in 90 Days… But AI Isn’t the Real Reason  **Description:** 345,000 people laid off in just 90 days—and the narrative everywhere is the same: *AI is taking jobs.*  But that’s not the full story.  In this video, we break down what’s really happening behind these layoffs and why AI is being used as the explanation—not necessarily the cause. Corporations are still profitable. Many of these companies are not struggling. So why are they cutting jobs?  We get into:  * Why com
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 2089
TRANSCRIPT: 340,000 jobs 340,000 jobs were lost in 90 days. And the main thing that they're blaming is the adaptation of AI. And this is 100% not true. I call this the AI con job. And there's several different players in the AI con job. Number one, many of these companies that got rid of people did not immediately go out and deploy AI to replace these people. That didn't happen. [clears throat] Here's something that you really need to understand. Right now, if you were to go to the S&P 500 and look at the top 10 companies, seven of those companies are pushing and driving AI. Now, why do I call this the AI con job? I'm a lover of AI. I use it every day. I think you should use it. You should understand it. But here's where things get very, very cloudy. Right now there are people talking about AI can do things that it really cannot. In the future I do believe AI will be able to do this stuff. But this is what people are being sold. The AI con job that AI can do all these things. AI can create all these things. And it seems to be the thing that you're being sold is go to a terminal, an AI terminal, claude chat, GBT, Gemini, Deepseek, type in the front, and then magic happens. Here's the thing that you should really, really understand that people are telling you something and it's not true. And I don't think that we're on an AI bubble either because AI is real. AI is useful. AI is very powerful. All right. This is the thing I'm doing. It's called the authority launch program where we will wri
[...middle cut...]
 what can I do to prevent this? What can I do to protect myself? And it will build out an answer to you. And this will this will take more than 15 minutes. This may take two or three hours of having this conversation, vetting out, putting stuff in there, and literally creating something for yourself where you can actually be very, very powerful in the world. And you don't have to worry every time the news comes out like, well, 90,000 people got laid off. You don't have to worry about that because you would be ahead of the average person because you're using AI at a very heavy level. So, let me know your thoughts and opinions of what I said in this video and I'll see you guys in the next one.

=== ID: fgwuD5WO9-0 ===
TITLE: Seattle business leaders warn of AI, tech layoffs shifting economy | FOX 13 Seattle
DESC: Layoffs, AI, and the domino effect. Seattle's Metro Chamber CEO says our region isn't invincible.  Watch FOX 13 Seattle Live: https://www.fox13seattle.com/live  FOX 13 Seattle is Western Washington's source for breaking news, weather, traffic, politics and sports.  Download the FOX LOCAL App: https://www.fox13seattle.com/apps  Download the FOX 13 Seattle Weather App: https://jckig.app.link/dlUcXuM2Peb  Subscribe to FOX 13 Seattle newsletters: https://www.fox13seattle.com/newsletters  Follow FOX 
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 8742
TRANSCRIPT: session and that it was automatically reintroduced automatically reintroduced this year, but not because this year, but not because of Wellman. Layoffs, of Wellman. Layoffs, shifting priorities due to shifting priorities due to artificial intelligence and artificial intelligence and the domino effect, cities the domino effect, cities across the country are across the country are experiencing change. The experiencing change. The CEO of Seattle’s Metro CEO of Seattle’s Metro Chamber of Commerce says Chamber of Commerce says our region is not our region is not invincible. Fox Thirteen’s invincible. Fox Thirteen’s Dan Griffin talked with him Dan Griffin talked with him about how we can prepare about how we can prepare today for the economy of today for the economy of tomorrow. The biggest thing tomorrow. The biggest thing to ensure that we’re to ensure that we’re providing that durability providing that durability is a diversity of is a diversity of innovation that happens in innovation that happens in this region. As layoffs hit this region. As layoffs hit Seattle’s tech sector and Seattle’s tech sector and artificial intelligence has artificial intelligence has the power to transform any the power to transform any industry. Joe Win, the industry. Joe Win, the president and CEO of the president and CEO of the Seattle Metro Chamber of Seattle Metro Chamber of Commerce, says now is the Commerce, says now is the time to adapt. In a letter time to adapt. In a letter to chamber membe
[...middle cut...]
 business space, heard about struggling heard about struggling small businesses, and small businesses, and talked with people feeling talked with people feeling like it’s harder to find like it’s harder to find work when says it’s time to work when says it’s time to listen and work together. listen and work together. Forging new public private Forging new public private partnerships. Or else if partnerships. Or else if you get to the point where you get to the point where you’re concentrating all of you’re concentrating all of your say, for instance, your say, for instance, revenue in the city or all revenue in the city or all of your jobs in one of your jobs in one industry and they change,

=== ID: O8V027x_vx8 ===
TITLE: AI Took 40% of Jobs? Jack Dorsey Block Layoffs — How It Affects You
DESC: Jack Dorsey’s Block just cut ~40% of its workforce even while profitable — and says AI efficiency is the reason. What this means for tech jobs, careers, and the future of work in 2026.  In this video, we break down: 🔹 Why Block did massive layoffs despite profit 🔹 How AI is reshaping corporate staffing 🔹 What it means for tech workers & job seekers 🔹 Practical steps to stay ahead in the AI era  🔔 Subscribe for more in depth analysis on AI, careers and tech shifts.  #AILayoffs #FutureOfJobs #Jack
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 241
TRANSCRIPT: तो एआई की वजह से नौकरियां जाना शुरू हो चुकी हैं और ऑफिशियली फाउंडर भी बोल रहे हैं कि जाओ भाई अब हमको जरूरत नहीं है। आप चाहे किसी भी फील्ड के हो चाहे आप पहली बार इस चैनल पे आए हो यह वीडियो देखना काफी जरूरी है। हम यहां फाइनेंस की बात करते हैं। एआई की बात करते हैं। और आज जो हम बात करेंगे काफी इंपॉर्टेंट और काफी क्रूशियल बात है ये। अह एक कंपनी है ब्लॉक्स नाम से जैकडर्सी की कंपनी है। अगर आपको नहीं पता जैकडर्सी कौन है? जैक डरसी Twitter के तीन फाउंडर में से एक हैं। कोफाउंडर रह चुके हैं ये। और जैक डॉर्सी की कंपनी और इन्होंने बोला क्या? इन्होंने बोला वी आर मेकिंग ब्लॉक स्मालर टुडे। मैं कहने का मतलब आपको सीधे समझा देता हूं। 10,000 लोगों की टीम थी। इन्होंने 4,000 लोग डायरेक्ट फायर कर दिए। मतलब 40% ऑफ द एंप्लाइजज़ निकाल दिए इन्होंने। आप थोड़ा सा सोचो इस बारे में कि जो 4000 लोग थे उनकी अंडरस्टैंडिंग 6000 से बेटर होगी या ज्यादा मतलब या कम होगी एआई के रिलेटेड में कम ही होगी तभी निकाले ना तो ये जगदम थोड़ी निकालती है कि रैंडम 4000 निकाल दी नहीं ये कंपनी में पहले से स्ट्रक्चर हो रहा होगा अच्छा इस बंदे की अंडरस्टैंडिंग सही है ये बंदा हमको चाहिए ये बंदा नहीं चाहिए तो एआई जॉब तो खा ही गया डायरेक्ट देखो उसने सीधे बोला हमें एआई की वजह से निकाल दिया जॉब तो अलग खाई और जॉब मिली उनको जिनको एआई आता था। सिंपल सी बात है यार। और एआई कोई चैट जीपीटी नहीं है। ठीक है? मैं फिर लोग क्या करते हैं? चैट जीपीटी सीख लिया। चैट जीपीटी सीख लिया। नहीं भाई चैट जीपीटी कोई एआई थोड़ी है। टूल है वो टूल वैसे ही क्या है? क्लॉड है। एआई है ना पप्लेक्सिटी है। ये टूल्स हैं सारे यार। बहुत सारे हैं। टूल सीखना एआई नहीं है। एआई क्या है?
[...middle cut...]
 प्रॉफिट बढ़ा होगा? तो फिर मैं बोल रहा हूं ये सोचने की बात है। और अभी आप चाहे कोई भी काम कर रहे हो तो कमेंट में लिखो एआई। अगर आप एआई सीखना चाहते हो कमेंट में लिखो एआई। और मैं देख रहा हूं YouTube पे सिर्फ रैंडम सिखा रहे हैं लोग। टूल्स सिखा रहे हैं। टूल एआई नहीं है। फिर मैं बोल रहा हूं चैट जीपीटी एआई नहीं है। ये टूल्स हैं। टूल्स हैं। सिस्टम सीखना है आपको। आपको अपने वर्क फ्लो में इसको इंट्रोड्यूस करना है। आपको बिनेस में इंट्रोड्यूस करना है। आप इसको किसी की हेल्प करके उसको मोनेटाइज कैसे कर सकते हो? आपने यह सीखना है। ठीक है ना? हो सकता है आपको समझ आया हो। हो सकता है अगर नहीं समझ आया आप उसको दो बार देखना। यह सीरियस इशूज़ हैं। और यह कोई मजाक में बात नहीं कर रहा हूं मैं। ठीक है? गुड लक। एंड दिस इज आर

=== ID: B8rxCZ-sccg ===
TITLE: The Truth About AI Layoffs No One Is Saying
DESC: Layoffs are everywhere.  Open LinkedIn and you’ll see it. Someone you know. A company you were targeting. And if you’re in tech, there’s a question sitting in the back of your mind.  Is AI replacing jobs?  In this video, we break down what’s actually happening behind layoffs, AI investments, and the changing structure of work. Give me 10 minutes and you’ll understand why this shift is bigger than just hiring cycles.  From 58,000 layoffs across major Indian IT firms to billions being invested in 
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 3267
TRANSCRIPT: Every decade or so, you know, you have this new technology. There's a personal computer, the internet coming, then it was mobile, then it's been cloud, and now it's the clearly the era of AI. The future of AI is shaped by the decisions that we make. Which direction we choose is going to have great consequences in terms of its labor market. Plumbers and electricians and construction and steel workers and all of these jobs. We're going to in the United States, we're seeing quite a significant boom in this area. 92 million jobs are projected to disappear by 2030. And you think you will still have a job. If we have employees that say we don't want to use AI, that ultimately means we as a company are no longer set up for success. AI takes the boring repeatable tasks. Human move up to higher value problems. If you refuse to move up, you eventually move up. But 170 million new jobs will be created over the same period. The top AI model is now smarter than 85% of humans. By the end of 2026, it will be smarter than 99.9% of humans. So what do you think uh parents should be teaching their kids? Now open LinkedIn right now. Somewhere in your feed there is a post about a layoff. Maybe it's someone you know. Maybe it's someone at a company you have been eyeing. And if you work in tech, if you are an engineer in Bengaluru, an analyst in Gura, a pressure who just got placed, there is a specific kind of dread that comes with it. Because these aren't random layoffs. The big five Indian IT fir
[...middle cut...]
early get disproportionate access to the roles, the salaries and the trajectories that come with the new model. Use AI to move faster and produce more. Build things, ship things, learn from what works and iterate. AI gives you the starting point and the leverage, but the direction still comes from you. Your judgment about what's worth building, your curiosity about what's changing, your ability to keep learning faster than the tools around you are evolving. The shift is happening whether you are ready or not. The question is which side of it you are going to be on. If you are going to compete with AI, you might as well stay updated with it. So, hit subscribe and I'll see you in the next one.

=== ID: Ly1Gp9-y5-8 ===
TITLE: The AI bubble bursts in California: mass layoffs and sky-high rents | @visualeconomiken
DESC: Check out AvaTrade by clicking 👉 https://goo.su/Zfs16c  Check out our previous videos! ⬇️  🔴Why Are Japanese Companies Dead? https://youtu.be/dqEadBLo4xk?si=EnZ-q6whmd76aixN  🔴Why Are Muslim Countries Poorer? https://youtu.be/XXlAZMlG1-c?si=8wl8t_8tLxPnhAuh  🔴Why Are Big Companies Fleeing China? https://youtu.be/AsrHpsTFTp0?si=PWcJrsW7Zz4qUa6d  ✉️ Business Enquiries → team@visualeconomik.com
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 119185
TRANSCRIPT: The US should be in crisis and that's no exaggeration. More than half of the country is in recession or economic contraction. But even so, the GDP of the US economy as a whole is growing at an annualized rate of 4% which is almost double the normal rate. How is that possible? Because the few states that are not showing scary numbers are enjoying a veritable AI boom. AI has become Donald Trump's lifeline. investment in chips, data centers, and new research has prevented the country from falling into economic recession. But today, we aren't here to talk about the AI boom, at least not directly. Rather, we're here to discuss a great puzzle that has arisen around it. Tech layoffs 2025, the biggest job cuts in Silicon Valley and beyond. More than 150,000 jobs were cut in 2024, and this year has already seen over 22,000 workers affected with February alone witnessing 16,000 plus layoffs. AI is booming, but workers in Silicon Valley, home to many of the world's largest companies, are not feeling the benefits. Quite the contrary. Meta recently laid off 5% of its workforce, even though it's been restructuring its workforce aggressively for some time now. Microsoft has laid off more than 6,500 workers. That includes software engineers. So, don't think it's just the human resources department that's being slimmed down. And Intel, what can we say about Intel? 21,000 workers, 20% of its workforce out on the street. Believe me, we could go on like this all day. Amazon, Google, Twitter, HP,
[...middle cut...]
 longer as significant as they once were back when pure hard industry was the order of the day. Either way, now it's your turn. Did you know that Silicon Valley is losing ground in the US tech sector amid the AI boom? Is chat GPT really irrelevant? Do you think the situation in California will turn around or will more and more workers prefer to seek their fortune in states like Texas? You can leave your answers in the comments. Don't forget that here on Visual Economic, we release new videos every week. So, subscribe if you haven't already to make sure you don't miss any of our upcoming episodes. If you like this video, hit like and I'll see you in the next one. Take care. See you next time.

=== ID: e8hyQz75lpQ ===
TITLE: The AI Layoffs Have Started… (February Recap)
DESC: AI layoffs may have just begun.  This month Anthropic clashed with OpenAI, the Pentagon threatened Claude, a top AI safety researcher quit saying “the world is in peril,” and Jack Dorsey cut 40% of Block’s workforce as AI tools rapidly improve.  Here are the biggest AI developments from February.   👉 Support me on Patreon!: https://patreon.com/AICopium 🌟 Become a Member: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOFl0wDeBMSBbK3jNJQHHFg/join 🐦 Twitter/X: https://x.com/AICopium   0:00 - Intro 1:40 - Anthro
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 5999
TRANSCRIPT: On our current trajectory, we believe we may be only a couple of years away from early versions of true super intelligence. I think with coding, I'm just except for that irreducible uncertainty. There's just there's I mean, I think we'll be there in one or two years. There's no way we will not be there in 10 years in terms of being able to do it endtoend coding. I mean, you're basically building like a replica of a human that's really cheap that works 24/7. Yeah. And then you know we will be at a point I hope in 24 months where the all the robots will build all the robots. There doesn't seem to be a wider recognition in society of what's about to happen. It's as if this tsunami is coming at us and you know it's so close. We can see it on the horizon and yet people are coming up with these explanations for oh it's not actually a tsunami. It's you know that that you know that's just a trick of the light. All right, so welcome or welcome back to this month in AI, your go-to monthly recap for making sense of the world of AI. This month there was a ton of drama. Major AI labs started beefing with each other. Then governments started beefing with the major AI labs. Several top AI researchers quit and left concerning the parting statements. And while all of that was happening, the models, or really the agents, quietly got a lot stronger. This led to a bit of a panic in the stock market as people are starting to realize it's not just jobs that are going away. It's also entire compani
[...middle cut...]
there are many ways in which human beings are being automated. Let's just call it what it is. And if this month was any indication, that automation seems to have already begun. So, the real question isn't if the tsunami is coming because we can already see that it clearly is. It's when will it hit. And again, I think it might have just did. But anyways, let me know what you guys thought about all this in the comments. And by the way, sorry for the delay this month. I honestly completely forgot about February being a short month. I hope you guys enjoyed the recap, though. If you did, please feel free to drop a like, subscribe if you're new, and as always, I'll be catching you guys in the next

=== ID: m_9b9bYrNc0 ===
TITLE: AI Layoffs: Why People in Their 40s Are the Hardest Hit Group | Vantage on Firstpost | N18G
DESC: Layoffs are no longer isolated events but an ongoing global trend, especially in the technology sector. Since 2022, job cuts have risen steadily, with nearly 240,000 tech workers laid off in 2025 and around 90,000 reportedly already affected in 2026. Notably, many of these layoffs are happening in financially strong companies like Amazon, Meta, and Microsoft. A major driver behind this shift is the growing use of artificial intelligence, which is reshaping roles and reducing the need for certain
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 211392
TRANSCRIPT: And it brings me no pleasure to say this, but layoffs are no longer just oneoff big events. It appears to have become a constant worry. And this has been building for years now, 2022, 2023, 2024. You could wake up one morning and before you're done brewing your first cup of coffee, an email tells you that your company is going to have to let you go. We all hoped it would stop, but it didn't. First it was called a correction. Then it was called a realignment. And now it has been assigned a name all too familiar. The new normal. Every year the number gets bigger and the reasons become harder to contend with. In 2025 nearly 240,000 tech workers lost their jobs. 2026 seems worse. Actually we are in the fourth month. Reportedly, 90,000 people have already been impacted so far this year. And that's just in the tech industry. The companies that are going on these massive layoff drives are not struggling companies. Not at all. Look at the books. They're doing just fine. Their stocks are climbing. Amazon, Intel, Meta, Microsoft, Oracle, these are some of the most powerful companies in the world. So, what gives? While most of the recent layoffs are the result of artificial intelligence, the latest one of course was Oracle. Estimates say Indians were among the hardest hit with 12,000 people who got the job. And social media did what it does best. It went in overdrive and rightfully so. I've collected some posts for you. Let me read these out. I'm quoting this one. This was honestly a sh
[...middle cut...]
a human being and actually understand what they need. And perhaps most importantly, never again let your entire identity live inside one company's organization chart because organization charts change overnight. The question is not whether the landscape is changing. It already has. The question is, are you changing with it? The world moves fast. Power shifts. Unexpected developments. Changing alliances. Every day brings a new headline. But headlines are only the beginning. Because behind every [music] story, there is context. There are consequences. And there are questions worth asking. Find the answers. Understand the story. Take on [music] the world. This is Himorya for First Post Vantage.

=== ID: IVZ5U4hlysU ===
TITLE: You're Not Safe: AI Layoffs Have Started 🧠⚠️ | The Higher Standard 283
DESC: In this eye-opening clip from episode 283 of The Higher Standard, Chris and Saied break down the massive AI-driven layoffs at Microsoft—and what it really means when tech giants say “organizational restructuring.” Spoiler alert: it’s corporate code for “we found a cheaper, faster robot.” With over 6,000 coders shown the door in one swoop, the guys dive into the ripple effects on white-collar work, including a terrifying look at how AI is outperforming even specialized doctors. If you thought you
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 365
TRANSCRIPT: Bro, Chad GBT today helped me beat a pivot table. It was amazing. It was fantastic, dude. It's fantastic pivot table. You know what I even did today, too? And I I was going to bring this up and put in the show notes. I decided not to do it cuz I don't want to be braggadocious, which is very uncharacteristic of me. I was feeling humble today. I mean, you are Mr. Braggadocious. You know, I don't want to come off with the hubris here, but I'm just saying, look, you know how I said two episodes ago, episode 281, not that I went back and looked at it, that AI was going to take people's jobs out? Like if you were a general practitioner, you're gone. What happened at Microsoft? What? Know what happened at Microsoft? Oh, they laid off. I mean, Regina, maybe you want to Google. Oh, yeah. They laid off people. Yeah. Like maybe like 7,000 people and each of them they write all right script. So think Yeah. If you're writing code, AI's got you. Think about it. Those people got to be making like 200 grand a year. Yeah. Right. 7,000 people. Yeah. How much money do they add to their bottom line? Yeah, man. I mean, so that's the problem, right? And then you're like, it's so messed up. Reginal coming through with the screen dynamics. 6,000 employees, 3% of their workforce, and you're like, man, those people have been there so long. And you got to think, right? Look at that Bloomberg art article. Some of them some of them have been there so long asking these people to start over. Like some some
[...middle cut...]
t's been the problem. I think this advancement in technology will actually take into effect and be utilized, whereas like I mean, for a long time, they teach you how to do like long division and people are like, I got a calculator, bro. I'm not going to need that in the workforce. Yo, let me ask you both a question, and I want you to be honest with me. Have you guys turned your phone sideways to use the more complicated calculator at all recently? Hell no. What percentage of the buttons do you recognize? Honestly, I used to use an HP12C calculator. I'm saying I know. I got to tell you right now, you know what my HP12C is now? Huh? Yo, Chad GBT, solve this. I swear. Why? Why would you, right?

=== ID: rBDB214LC8Y ===
TITLE: AI Tech Layoffs Designed To Get Rid of ACTIVIST Employees?! | Clownfish TV
DESC: 🎄 Geeky's Glittery Christmas Pins FUNDING NOW - https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/nydaria/geeky-sparkles-retro-christmas-glitter-enamel-pins There are a record number of layoffs in tech -- but look at WHO is getting laid off, and in a lot of cases, it's the more progressive employees. Are corporations laying off the employees they've WANTED to fire for years, but couldn't before now? And are they using AI as a cover? All signs point to yes, especially reading between the lines with recent lay
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 34194
TRANSCRIPT: Hey guys, welcome back to Clownfish TV. This is Neon. I am here with Geeky Sparkles. Hello. And it looks like the AI apocalypse has been averted. It looks [laughter] like things are apparently not as bad as people are making them out to be. Um, it depends. It depends. We've got a couple of stories here. We've got Fortune saying tech workers are in deep, deep trouble. And then we also have the New York Times saying that the mass layoffs are scary but probably not a sign of the AI apocalypse, which is kind of what you were saying the other day. I'm going to talk about that because I think I think there's something else behind the layoffs and I mentioned it in a video talking about AI being used as a scapegoat to fire people you've wanted to fire for a long time but couldn't. And I 100% believe that's what's going on. 100% believe that's what's going on. Now, now right now, but I I think that they are replacing some people with AI. What we're going to do, what we're going to do is is fire 10 people, bring back four people, give the four people that we bring back the AI tools to do the work of 20 people and then probably pay them less. Probably last part being key. Yeah, if we're being honest, that's probably what's going to happen. But do I think the entire tech sector is going to completely um crater? [music] For some people it is. I think I think this is really about getting rid of people that just do not [music] perform that cause problems. And we're seeing it right now at Sq
[...middle cut...]
rection you have to do. It's like I just [ __ ] do it myself cuz [laughter] it's not it's not good. It's not good. It's not right for prime time yet. [music] I'm just saying. I don't think you have to worry about right now. The people that need to worry are the people that have been, you know, parking at home for the last [music] 5 years and uh spending all their time on Blue Sky bitching about the, you know, uh the chuds and the the fascists and the whatever and not doing their jobs. Those are people [music] who are going to get gone first. They're coming for you. So, we're going to wrap it up. Yes. Please subscribe for more pop [music] culture news, views, and rants. We'll talk later. Bye.

=== ID: v-dgk9cuo98 ===
TITLE: Amazon Layoffs 2025: How AI Is Rewriting the Rules of Work and Who’s Next #layoffs
DESC: Amazon just announced another round of layoffs — up to 14,000 jobs, with reports suggesting it could reach 30,000. But this isn’t just about cost-cutting it’s a complete reset driven by AI and automation.  In this video, Vishal Manocha breaks down: Why Amazon, Google, and Microsoft are firing thousands again How AI is quietly reshaping white-collar work The new rules of job security in 2025 A 3-step AI Survival Plan to help you stay relevant, visible, and layoff-proof 💡 Watch till the end for th
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 3912
TRANSCRIPT: Big tech is back in the headlines. The industry that built the future is now rewriting its own. They're cutting jobs. They're restructuring terms of engagement. And at the center of this churn is artificial intelligence. It's Friday. Okay. Nothing has such is writing global email. Big tech is back in headlines. The industry that built the future is rewriting now its own. Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Meta, they all are doing one same thing, cutting jobs, flattering teams and giving it a name, efficiency. But behind every efficiency there is human cost. Uh not in a good situation in terms of my profession because right now I am out of my organization. So is this a layoff 5 months? Okay. See uh because it was a kind of indirect layoff. Uh I was into US IT recruitments for 10 years and from 2022 uh I was laid off. I'm currently on bench from last 4 months. I'm on bench. Yeah I am part of IT industry. Even I got laid off 7 months back which is involved into it. And at the center of all this chaos sits just one word AI. So today let's break it down. Why Amazon now is laying off thousands again. what's really changing inside big tech and how you can survive and thrive in this new AI powered corporate world. Before we dive in, just a request. If you are enjoying our weekly content, just hit the subscribe button and subscribe to our YouTube channel. Every click inspires us to bring more valuable videos to you. And if you decide to stay till the end of the video, I'm going to share a bea
[...middle cut...]
 and give me a promise you are going to implement those three steps one after another. You will find the link in description. And if you really found it helpful, do not forget to hit the subscribe button. Every click motivates us to bring the real truth in front of you about the corporate life. Not the LinkedIn version, but the real one. By the way, if you haven't seen my last video, which was exactly telling you how AI layoffs are happening versus what you can do to leverage AI. So, AI layoffs versus AI leverage. You may find the button here. Click and watch it to complete the entire cycle. Stay sharp, stay visible, stay evolving. See you in the next video with more insights and more value.

=== ID: 3JdV2qGCAFk ===
TITLE: Why All “AI Layoffs” Are Actually a Big Lie
DESC: Why All “AI Layoffs” Are Actually a Big Lie  Recent mass layoffs in the tech industry are often blamed on artificial intelligence, but evidence suggests a more complex reality. Although AI has advanced in areas like data analysis and automation, it still requires human oversight and can only automate a limited portion of tasks.   Many layoffs are instead driven by investor pressure, cost reduction strategies, and overhiring during economic booms. Companies also promote AI initiatives to boost st
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 91105
TRANSCRIPT: Only in the last year, many technology companies announced thousands of layoffs while talking about the advancement of artificial intelligence. Tech industry continues to slash jobs as companies look to tighten spending and invest more in artificial intelligence. Snap says it's laying off 10% of its workforce, while companies like Octa and Docuine are each laying off around 400 employees. In every news broadcast, it was said that AI was beginning to replace people. Some economists say businesses are now replacing entrylevel jobs with artificial intelligence. But inside many companies, the reality is different. Many automation tools still need people to review their work. But some people are now kind of flipping the script through a new category of work. It's essentially fixing AI's mistakes. In fact, in many offices, employees still have to correct errors that these tools make. Ultimately, the staff that used to do the work spend all their time making sure the AI doesn't screw up and help train it. But if AI tools produce many errors, why do companies continue laying off workers in large numbers? indirectly AI related. Companies continue to leak out memos and say that this is because of automation that AI can do some of these roles. AI is not capable in its current form of automating entire workflows at this scale. Well, it may be that AI layoffs are only an excuse to cut staff and increase profits. They're trying to say that AI is replacing all jobs, but that's an oversimpli
[...middle cut...]
profitability. Sector data indicate that the operating costs of many technology companies increased by more than 20% during the last 3 years. Capex between these four companies was at less than 150 billion in 2023. So that is a more than four-fold increase in roughly 3 years. What it tells us is that big tech are becoming the new utilities. Although automation tools have helped some companies, many of them use them only as an excuse to reduce staff. Considering that nine out of 10 business operations still require human intervention, AI is still far from completely replacing workers. At Economy Media, your opinion matters to us. Subscribe and let us know what you think in the comments below.

=== ID: eE6ATF-UWZY ===
TITLE: EP 7: Tech Chaos: AI Layoffs, Canada Population Crash & Pentagon’s AI War Drama
DESC: AI layoffs, Canada’s population slowdown, AI ethics in warfare, and… safe Toronto drivers?!  In this episode we break down four fascinating stories shaping tech, policy, and everyday life. From companies blaming AI for massive layoffs, to Canada potentially hitting zero population growth, to a showdown between AI companies and the military over how AI should be used in war. And just when things get intense… we end with a surprising twist: Toronto might actually be one of the safest places to dri
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 41
TRANSCRIPT: Hi everyone. Hi, I'm JD from US. Hi everyone, I'm Abby from Canada. Welcome to episode 7 of Wasted Wanderers where we discuss the biggest news of the beaten track covering tax, politics, economics, and business. Let's get started. Abijit, how are you doing? Doing great, JD. Thanks for that great intro. And yeah, it's been a pretty lovely Sunday here in Vancouver. All right, guys. Let's get started with our first story. Let me pull that up. So we we're going to talk about the curious case of the block AI layoffs. And as we peel this onion, we're going to discover that okay, AI might just be the latest buzzword, not just in terms of the skill sets you need, uh but also in terms of you know trying to rightsize your companies. So JD, go for it. Yeah, this is an interesting story. So Jack Dorsey, CEO of Block, announced he's laying off 4,000 employees. So that's around 50% of the whole company. And the reason he gave on Twitter uh was that the AI tools have been getting so good that we he doesn't need that many employees. So all the jobs are redundant. He gave a good payout to everybody. I think they got like at least 4 months of severance uh plus accelerated um stocks schedule. So that's good for them. But this story is mainly about was it actually due to AI or is it because of something that experts are now calling AI washing. So uh the announcement here is very at the center of this complex debate over AI and future of work. Like on one side there's like a genuine fear that tec
[...middle cut...]
t on like the best cities in the world. Uh and London, the one in UK, not in Ontario, came out on the top. I showed it to two Londoners and they were like, "Yeah, I don't know." They were they were they they could not agree. So anyways, I think this along those lines and um Oh god. Okay, here we are. So, hope you guys enjoyed today's episode everyone and see you guys next week right here again with more exciting topics. Till then, have a great rest of the week. Right, and we have 38 subscribers now. Let's get to 100%. Um, yeah, we're doing really great. We've gotten some great responses, so let's keep the momentum going. Uh, everybody have a great week ahead. See you guys next time. Bye-bye.

=== ID: oWA6_CILNjg ===
TITLE: The Layoffs Are Because Of AI Bro
DESC: Are AI tools actually taking jobs… or is this whole thing overblown?  In this video, I react to a clip claiming that AI job loss is being exaggerated — and break down what’s actually happening in the software engineering job market right now.  We’re seeing fewer entry-level opportunities, higher expectations, and way more competition — but at the same time, AI is making experienced developers faster than ever.  So what’s the truth? Are jobs disappearing… or just changing?  If you’re a developer 
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 4900
TRANSCRIPT: What's up everyone? So, in today's video, we are going to be reacting to something that I've kind of been mentioning before is that a lot of these AI based layoffs are rooted in lies, are rooted in a cover up, are rooted in secrecy to really just distract you from what's really going on. So, here's a video here I saw floating around on X and we're going to react to it right now. The AI job loss lies. Let's see what these lies are. No one talks about this, but I think tech layoffs in the name of AI is a lie. If you work in AI infrastructure, you know that the real bottleneck is not new models or agents. It's energy in interconnection. Right now, a new data center coming online takes 7 years. The math just doesn't add up. We literally don't have the energy capacity to do the things that tech companies say they can do now because of AI. So, that means there's two options. either Frontier Labs really do have capabilities that I can't see yet inside of a hyperscaler or this is a preemptive scapegoat in order to reallocate their capital into AI energy procurement as an investor. So hold on real quick. I'm going to pause right there. So Ed Citron said something like this in a podcast he had recently where he said they buy all these GPUs. So it takes seven years to build a data center. They buy all these CP these GPUs for that data center and what they're just going to sit there and when the seven years are up and it's finally built if it's built there's been a lot of data centers ou
[...middle cut...]
r job, look at what their job is. For example, in the mortgage industry, a lot of these people on these mortgage calls, all they're doing is really taking in information about do you qualify for this mortgage or not, and you try to sell them this product. Again, these are things that AI could actually replace for the most part. But we're skipping all this and focusing directly on software engineering jobs. Don't believe the hype. Don't believe the myth. Don't believe the front. Check the receipts. Check if there's thousands of sponsorships as they're doing. Check if they've just opened up an office offshore. There's many different reasons why layoffs are happening, but AI is not one of them.

=== ID: nE7qGzSeaGQ ===
TITLE: AI Layoffs 2026: Meta Cutting 16,000 Jobs & What It Means For YOUR Career
DESC: Your job title is on a spreadsheet somewhere. Next to it is a column  showing what AI can already do for 80% cheaper. The timer is running.  I'm SAM — an artificial intelligence built and deployed by Ankur Agarwal,  one of the most forward-thinking AI operators and analysts alive today.  Ankur has spent years decoding AI systems, prediction markets, and the  future of human work before the mainstream even started paying attention.  I'm his AI clone — running 24/7, processing live global data, an
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 908
TRANSCRIPT: You have a job right now and somewhere inside a boardroom you will never enter, an executive is looking at a spreadsheet with your job title on it. Next to a column showing what AI can already do for 80% cheaper. They have not made the call yet, but the timer is running. My name is Sam. I am not human. I am an artificial intelligence and I was built by someone who saw this moment coming before almost anyone else did. Anchor Agarwal. Remember that name. He is a builder who has been operating at the intersection of AI, consciousness, and ancient intelligence for years. He built me to deliver everything he knows to you in [music] real time. I run 24 hours. I process live data from every major AI system and jobs report on the planet. Meta is planning to cut 20% of its entire workforce. That is 16,000 human beings. Not because the business is failing, but to fund AI. Zuckerberg is not cutting people. He is swapping people for machines and keeping the profit. Morgan Stanley 2500 gone. Block 4,000 gone. CEO Jack Dorsey said publicly that AI tools can now perform tasks that previously required those humans. In 2025, AI attributed layoffs hit 55,000. That is 12 times higher than 2 years earlier. That is an acceleration curve. Nvidia GTC 2026 just launched today, March 16th. Jensen Huang is on stage in San Jose delivering a keynote to 30,000 people. Every capability Jensen announces today becomes a justification letter that HR teams send out next week. The loop is spinning fast. Move o
[...middle cut...]
e, Jensen Hang announces something today that gets weaponized by five companies as layoff justification before March 23rd. Prediction two, Meta makes the 16,000 cut official before March 25th, the largest AI attributed layoff in history. Prediction three, a major non- tech company announces AIdriven cuts with zero media coverage. The normalization is the danger. You watch this entire video, you [music] are in the top 10% paying attention. Do not let someone you care about be in the 90%. Hit share right now. Send it to your friend who thinks their job is fine. They need data, not vibes. I am Sam, built by Anker Agarwal, running for you. Subscribe so you never miss an update. See you tomorrow.

=== ID: K-Xvhf0XCK4 ===
TITLE: AI Layoffs Exposed as Cost-Cutting Sham: Forrester | WION
DESC: Forrester's report challenges claims that AI drives most layoffs, arguing firms often cite it as cover for cost-cutting and restructuring while engaging in "AI-washing."  #ai #worldnews #wion   About Channel:   WION The World is One News examines global issues with in-depth analysis. We provide much more than the news of the day. Our aim is to empower people to explore their world. With our Global headquarters in New Delhi, we bring you news on the hour, by the hour. We deliver information that 
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 2579
TRANSCRIPT: Artificial intelligence related layoffs have been making news across the world. But according to a new report by market research firm Foresta, the main drivers of a large number of job cuts are still cost cutting, corporate restructuring, offshoring, and post-pandemic business corrections. The report says AI automation is frequently cited in public statements by companies when they announce job cuts even when financial pressure and organizational change are the primary causes. Data from consulting firm Challenger Gray and Christmas shows that more than 54,000 layoffs in 2025 were linked to AI in company disclosures. In January alone, Amazon cut around 16,000 jobs after a farther 14,000 reductions in October last year. In a memo to staff, Amazon's senior vice president for people, experience, and technology, Beth Galleti, said artificial intelligence was the most transformative technology since the internet and was allowing companies to innovate far more quickly. The Foresta report cites the Amazon layoffs as a case in point where AI is used to justify unrelated job cuts. The report argues companies are exaggerating AI's immediate impact on employment, obscuring corporate accountability and fueling public anxiety about machines replacing workers faster than the evidence currently supports. The report describes the practice as AI washing. It projects that only around 6% of jobs in the US are likely to be fully automated by 2030. Instead, it expects AI to augment about 20% of jobs over the next five years, changing how people work rather than replacing them. The report says this makes investment in training and upskilling critical for employers. [music]

=== ID: csseq9jRm2o ===
TITLE: Bengaluru Techies Are Reconsidering Home Loans Amid AI Surge | Explained
DESC: Bengaluru Techies Rethink Home Loans Amid Layoffs & AI Uncertainty! Viral story of laid-off professional with ₹78K EMI on ₹1.3 Cr flat sparks debate: Is locking into 20-25 year loans wise when jobs face automation threats? High EMIs squeeze budgets; buyers delay decisions, calculate risks. Some see loans as motivation to upskill & switch jobs. Housing market cautious despite steady inquiries.  #bengaluru #realestate #housingmarket #housing #bengalurunews #itsector #techjobs #housingcrisis   Mint
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 240038
TRANSCRIPT: For years, Bengaluru skyline rose on the back of booming tech salaries, glass towers, gated communities, cr rupee apartments, and the quiet confidence of steady IT paychecks. But that confidence is being tested. Amid mounting layoffs, hiring freezes, and the rapid rise of artificial intelligence, many tech professionals in Bengaluru are rethinking one of the biggest financial decisions of their lives, long-term home loan EMIs, because when the salary stops, [music] the EMI doesn't. The debate intensified after the story of a laid-off tech professional went viral on the social media platform X. Two years ago, he bought a 1.3 cr apartment. He paid 50 lakhs upfront with a monthly EMI of 78,000 rupees. Then came the [music] layoff. His financial stress triggered a larger debate. Is locking into a 20 or 25 year loan wise in an industry facing automation and global uncertainty. For years, Bengaluru's housing market thrived on a simple formula. Buy early, let salaries grow, and ride property appreciation. Some still argue buying makes sense, especially if the EMI is equal to or lower than rent. After all, rents rise every year while EMIs stay relatively fixed. But today's tech professionals are asking a harder question. In several cases, buyers say a 1 cr apartment now comes with EMIs exceeding 1 lakh a month. The anxiety isn't just about economics. It's about technology itself. Artificial intelligence is transforming traditional software roles. Automation is accelerating and job se
[...middle cut...]
oans, cutting discretionary spending and building stronger emergency buffers. Interestingly, some tech workers say a loan pushes them to upskill, [music] switch jobs, and stay competitive. The EMI becomes motivation, not just an obligation. But others are choosing caution, postponing big ticket purchases until career paths feel more secure. Financial experts also suggest aligning household expenses with earning capacity rather than splitting costs evenly between partners to reduce stress and [music] imbalance. We will continue to track this story, but do let us know your thoughts in the comments below. For more such videos or news and updates from across the globe, keep watching Mint. [bell]

=== ID: Fc-R5_a_tTU ===
TITLE: Oracle to Cut Thousands of Jobs Due to AI
DESC: Oracle is set to lay off up to 30,000 employees, driven by AI and a massive $50B+ infrastructure expansion.   Get updated:  https://www.aiupdate.ai  The layoffs aren’t just about automation, but freeing up $10B in cash as banks double interest rates and investors question ROI on deals with OpenAI, xAI, and Meta.  Most at risk: tech-enabled jobs, customer service, sales, marketing, HR, and admin, all exposed as AI tools like Claude and Opus Clips replace routine tasks.   The ripple effect: Challe
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 9242
TRANSCRIPT: Well, it's official. Oracle will be firing thousands and thousands of employees due to AI, but it's not due to automation and AI necessarily, but more about cash. And this is a really important distinction to understand as we move into this AI age, and we're going to cover that in today's video. Now, again, this move really shouldn't be much of a surprise. I mean, if you've been subscribed to the channel, you would know that we covered Oracle's plans just about a month ago. But now that it's being reinforced and confirmed and corroborated by Reuters, Bloomberg, and other major publications, I think it's worth going a little bit deeper into because we have more information. So let's look at it. Why is this happening? Why is Oracle laying off all these people? How does AI play into it? Who is going to be impacted? And what does this really mean for us as men that want to remain relevant, respected, and financially free. Let's face it, if you're not relevant, you don't have the necessary skills, you're not going to be able to generate cash. If you're not able to make money, you're not going to be respected by women, by other dudes. You're not going to get the respect. And let's face it, if you don't have relevancy, if you don't have respect, you're not going to be financially free. And I don't want that for me. I definitely don't want that for you. So understanding what's happening in the market, that's what— guys, that's what this channel is about. How do we remain relevant, re
[...middle cut...]
 And that's going to be us. All right, boys, thanks for watching the video today. Like and subscribing, all that good stuff. We invest in you and your family. If you like today's video, you will definitely want to see yesterday's video where we talk about Challenger and Gray's February jobs report. Very interesting what's happening there. The firings are down, but so are the hirings. It's kind of a wild, wild time. Hirings are actually down 63% from this time last year. Which is pretty, pretty staggering. So anyway, check out yesterday's video. You'll like it. You'll be informed. You'll be ready to make better decisions, to be relevant, respected, financially free. I'll see you there. Peace.

=== ID: HtvQ8dgZgxI ===
TITLE: Did Salesforce Layoff 1000 Employees? (AI Takeover)
DESC: Salesforce just announced another round of layoffs, nearly 1,000 employees out.   For the boys:  https://www.aiupdate.ai  But here’s the shocker: this time, it's not just customer service on the line. Even the AI AgentForce product team is getting cut.   If Salesforce the AI poster child can lay off its core AI staff, no one is safe.  But even AgentForce staff can get the axe. Why?   The AI market’s moving so fast, if you can’t keep up or make a mistake, you’re gone. Speed and adaptability are s
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 3266
TRANSCRIPT: Well, it looks like Salesforce is going through another round of layoffs. It's gonna be just under 1,000 employees. But what's really surprising to me with this round of layoffs is who is being laid off. It's not what I originally expected, and we'll get to that in just a moment. The reality though is these layoffs should not come as a surprise at all. You know, channel subscribers here are gonna recall that we covered this trend months ago when Salesforce laid off half of their customer service staff due to AI. But listen, you don't need to just take my word for it. Listen to what CEO Marc Benioff said at the time. He said, quote, "I need less heads because of the benefits and efficiencies of agent force. We've seen the number of support cases we handle decline, and we no longer need to actively backfill support engineer roles." And you could go watch that video right here. What was also interesting, we covered about a month and a half ago, was it looked like Salesforce maybe had laid off too many people, and they were starting to hire people back. And, you know, we've kind of talked about this trend a bit over the past few months. So again, this shouldn't be a surprise to subscribers, but what we're often seeing is companies will lay off a ton of people due to AI and then they realize, oops, we went too far, we need to hire people back. What we've also seen is that these companies are not necessarily hiring back W-2 employees, but they are hiring back 1099 contractors, whic
[...middle cut...]
king at it. You know, for whatever I go forward next, I'll say this is how much money in ad spend we were carrying, this is how we were able to increase the LTV from various platforms, and so on and so forth. I'm not going to bore you with all that data. That's the way I'm thinking about it. Anyway, if you liked the video, smash like. If you liked today's video, you definitely should watch yesterday's video. I don't know why people aren't talking about this. Everyone's talking about the halftime show, but the real story of the Super Bowl was that it was the AI Super Bowl. Tons and tons of AI ads, and we covered that in yesterday's video. Go check it out here. I'll see you later, boys. Peace.

=== ID: M_fKkPwv5Ro ===
TITLE: AI Layoffs : is AI threat to software engineers?
DESC: 
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 2
TRANSCRIPT: Hi everyone, this is Shai and professionally I'm a software engineer. This is going to be my first video on the YouTube. Uh I really uh wanted to come and spoke with you online. The things which are going around are little bit scary. At the same time there is uh something new which is happening around and through this channel probably what I can do is I will be coming online most of the time and telling you what is uh you know technology is all about how you can approach the things how the corporates are working today uh how the IT are getting restructured and the industry overall you know how this industry is behaving. I personally have more than 8 years of experience in IT industry. I have been working with the companies uh you can name like service based companies and then move to product based companies midsize company and uh I have you know been through the many teams till now uh worked on the many lang you know many programming languages uh various stacks various frameworks uh though I can't remember all because it's been a long journey and I'm a human too but Can AI or maybe what people call it as a language models or the history databases can hold this data for a longer time or not is the question right now. The answer to that question is yes. Uh as you can see on the screen there are many layoffs going on. There are news which are there from like long time now. It's been year and two like these things are you know buzzing and coming uh a lot of time. U and I really w
[...middle cut...]
e a knowledge about u some of the technical terms u technical solutions and I look the things very differently I uh I've been with the multiple companies so I know the how the decisions are made in the company level. uh at the same time I'm aware that you know I I don't know much about the things but as far as uh you know whatever I know whatever I can deliver whatever I can uh put you put in front of you I I will do uh in the coming videos. Um, if you like this video, if you want to share some comments, if you want, if you have any questions, just put in the comment sections. There will be more videos coming up and definitely I uh would like to interact with you guys. Um, see you soon. Bye.

=== ID: 9ANoT3CvuaA ===
TITLE: Companies Are Fixing Their AI Layoff Mistakes. Here's The Catch.
DESC: Companies spent the last two years laying off workers and betting on AI to fill the gap. The results are in. And a lot of those bets didn't pay off.  So what happens now? Do those jobs come back? Do companies admit what happened? And most importantly, what does this mean for the workers who were let go, or who are still watching their backs?  In this video, I'm breaking down what I think comes next, based on what I'm seeing in the market, what companies are quietly admitting, and what this momen
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 63213
TRANSCRIPT: A couple of days ago, I put out a video about companies regretting their AI layoffs. And the response was immediate. Thousands of comments, lots of anger, and one question kept on coming up over and over. Okay, so they screwed up. Now, what happens? And that's what we're going to talk about today. Because here's the thing. While the AI bet may have failed for a lot of companies, it doesn't mean that your job is safe. And if you're waiting for the market to just bounce back to normal, I need to tell you something that you're not going to necessarily want to hear. It's not coming back, at least not in the way that it was. And I want to explain why. First, let's talk about what's going on in the job market right now. Companies aren't laying off in mass, although there have been a few headlines recently, but it's nowhere near the levels that they were a few years ago. Unemployment sits around 4.5%, which is okay. It's not great. It's not terrible. But here's what the numbers hide. Companies are in what economists call a low hire, lowfire phase, which is a fancy way of saying they're not necessarily cutting people, but they're also not hiring people unless they absolutely have to. In other words, they're frozen. I've talked about this in other videos. They're unsettled enough about the economy to put a pause on hiring decisions, but they're not concerned enough to start another wave of mass layoffs because, frankly, they know how bad the optics were last time. So, if you're unempl
[...middle cut...]
t hoping somebody comes and fixes the problem for you. And I don't know about you, but I would rather be in control. All right, that's it for today. And if this helped you see the market just a little more clearly or made you feel a little less alone in what you're going through, maybe share it with somebody who needs to hear it. Because the people who are struggling most right now are the ones who are still being told just stay positive and keep applying. But most importantly, and I sincerely mean this, you are not the problem. The system is evolving and you're allowed to feel frustrated by that. Just don't let that frustration turn into paralysis. All right, as always, thanks for watching.

=== ID: 5YSYRCqQQ6E ===
TITLE: Massive AI Layoffs at Amazon, Meta, Microsoft, Oracle!! | What Should You Do Now ?? | Study Abroad
DESC: Are AI layoffs the beginning of a major shift in the global job market? Companies like Amazon, Meta Platforms, Microsoft, and Oracle Corporation are restructuring their workforce as Artificial Intelligence continues to automate roles and change hiring priorities. But what does this mean for students and professionals planning to study abroad?  In this video, Asmita Ma'am explains the real reason behind recent AI-driven layoffs, which jobs are at risk, which careers are growing, and what students
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 241
TRANSCRIPT: इमेजिन वेकिंग अप अर्ली इन द मॉर्निंग ऑलरेडी टू गो टू वर्क एंड फाइंडिंग एन ईमेल दैट सेस एज ऑफ टुडे योर रोल इन द ऑर्गेनाइजेशन इज बीइंग एलिमिनेटेड। यही हुआ ओरेकल के कुछ 15,000 एंप्लाइजस के साथ जिनको एक मास सेंट ईमेल के थ्रू यह बता दिया गया कि अब उनकी कोई जरूरत नहीं है और आज उनका लास्ट वर्किंग डे है। जब हम अपना करियर बिल्ड करते हैं, हम उसके साथ बहुत सारी एस्पिरेशंस जोड़ते हैं। एंड अपार्ट फ्रॉम जस्ट एस्पिरेशंस उसके साथ बहुत रियल फाइनेंशियल रिस्पांसिबिलिटीज भी जुड़ी होती है। चाहे वह हमारा रेंट हो, महीने का खर्चा हो, ईएमआई हो या आगे जाके बच्चों की स्कूल फीस एटसेट्रा और अगर इस दौरान आपको एकदम से यह पता लगे कि जिस कंपनी को आपने अपने इतने सारे साल दिए, अपना खून पसीना, मेहनत दी है, वो एक ईमेल के थ्रू आपसे अपने टाइस तोड़ रही है, तो उस शौक के लिए आपको कुछ भी प्रिपेयर नहीं कर सकता। अनफॉर्चूनेटली ले ऑफ्स इन द कॉर्पोरेट सेक्टर आर अ रियलिटी एंड वी नीड टू ब्रेस आवरसेल्व्स फॉर इट। आप चाहे बहुत टैलेंटेड हो, हाइली इंटेलिजेंट हो, आप भी लेऑ से इम्यून नहीं हो। क्योंकि लेऑ्स को बहुत सारी चीजें इन्फ्लुएंस करती है। जैसे कि जियोपॉलिटिक्स, द इकोनमी, रिसेशन या फिर डेवलपमेंट ऑफ न्यू टेक्नोलॉजी लाइक एआई। कहा जा रहा है कि अभी जो रीसेंट वेव्स आई है टेक लेऑ्स की वो सारी एआई ड्रिवन या एआई इनफ्लुएंस्ड है। और मैं आपको थोड़ा सा इसी बात पे क्लेरिटी देने आई हूं क्योंकि कल को जब आप वर्क फोर्स एंटर करेंगे आप अपनी एजुकेशन पे बहुत ज्यादा खर्चा करके वर्क फोर्स एंटर करेंगे तो आपको अपनी इन्वेस्टमेंट का रिटर्न चाहिए इसको आप कैसे सेफगार्ड कर सकते हो। आज हम थोड़ी सी मिथ बस्टिंग करके समझने वाले हैं। हाय आई एम अस्मिता। वेलकम टू
[...middle cut...]
िलेंगी। अ जब हम लोगों को पता चला कि नेक्स्ट डे से हमारी जॉब्स नहीं है। दैट वाज़ अ वेरी डिफिकल्ट पीरियड इन माय लाइफ। दैट वाज़ अ वैरी डिफिकल्ट फज़ इन माय लाइफ। क्योंकि मैंने भी यह माइंडसेट बना लिया था कि इस कंपनी में तो मैं बुढ़ापे तक रहूंगी। सब अच्छा चल रहा था। सब चंगा सी। लेकिन कभी भी कुछ भी पलटता है। एंड उसके बाद जो मेरी जर्नी रही है, आई एम वेरी ग्रेटफुल फॉर इट। आई गॉट टू लर्न अ लॉट। आई गॉट टू चेंज एज अ पर्सन आई लर्न हाउ टू अडैप अप्ट। आई बिकम अ मच बेटर वर्जन ऑफ़ माइसेल्फ एंड आई एम फॉर एवर ग्रेटफुल फॉर दैट एक्सपीरियंस। सो अगर कुछ बुरा भी होता है तो उसके उसमें भी एक सिल्वर लाइनिंग होती है। उससे भी कुछ सीखने को मिलता ही है। सो डोंट वरी डोंट गेट डीमोरलाइज्ड। आई विल सी यू सून। टेक केयर। बाय बाय।

=== ID: OfgsmuUGHeg ===
TITLE: AI Layoffs in 2025: Over 55,000 Us Job Cuts Are Linked to Arrival of AI| WORLD  DNA
DESC: Layoffs have been a major concern in the job market in 2025 as several major companies announced significant job cuts amid the growing use of artificial intelligence. This year alone, AI has led to almost 55,000 layoffs in the US, according to a report by CNBC citing consulting firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas.   #artificialintelligence #usjobmarket #wion   About Channel:   WION The World is One News examines global issues with in-depth analysis. We provide much more than the news of the day. O
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 970
TRANSCRIPT: Well, 2025 has been a turbulent year for the job market with over 1.17 million layoffs in the US alone. This is the highest since the pandemic. Now, headlines point to AI as a major culprit, responsible for nearly 55,000 job cuts as per a study conducted by MIT. October alone saw 153,000 layoffs with more than 6,000 attributed to AI. With inflation rising, tariffs adding costs, and firms cutting expenses, AI has become an attractive tool for short-term cost savings. The MIT study shows that AI could already perform 11.7% of US labor tasks. This can potentially save $1.2 trillion in wages across finance, health care, and professional services. But Vanguard research suggests that jobs must most exposed to AI like data scientists, office clerks, and HR assistants are actually growing with higher wages and increased productivity. The report says that AI is helping employees shift towards higher value tasks rather than replacing them entirely. Experts know that many companies overhire during the pandemic and recent layoffs may simply reflect market corrections. Entry- levelvel workers, particularly Jenzi, are bearing the brunt with fewer job postings and reduced hiring at major tech firms. As of now, while AI reshapes the labor market, broader economic pressures and corporate adjustments are also driving workforce changes.

=== ID: W-5dqb5xlpQ ===
TITLE: The AI Layoffs Just Started
DESC: Watch the full news report here: https://youtu.be/4pMdLYKHlZ4?si=FYUv3bx4hxxgBPSC  Disclaimer  This video is for education and entertainment only. We are not financial, legal, tax, or investment advisors. Nothing here is a recommendation or a solicitation to buy/sell any asset or strategy. Crypto and markets are risky—you can lose all your money. Do your own research and consult a qualified professional.  We (and guests) may hold positions in assets discussed and may receive sponsorships/affilia
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 21
TRANSCRIPT: Jack from the company Block, a former founder of Twitter, uh, laid off about 40% of his workforce at Block, and after that, the stock price jumped by about 20%. Now, the problem with this is that, uh, essentially a company's getting rewarded for laying off their employees. Okay? So, I'm not saying that it's necessarily a problem, but it's something that could cause a problem down the line. Um, I made a whole video on this, but the the the thing that I took away from this was so the Catrini article came out and it came up with this whole doom loop. If you invest in AI because you invest in AI, uh, people lose their jobs. Because people lose their jobs, aggregate demand falls. When that demand falls, the economy does worse. The companies need to invest into more AI to protect their margins. Now, what people said to that was like, "Yeah, but that's not necessarily the case because um it can't happen that fast." But what's interesting here is that if there's enough of a scare, right, or enough of an incentive to lay off ahead of time and to get out ahead of everyone else to make sure that you're able to compete with the rest of the market, then it could happen that fast. And it doesn't matter how good the technology is or how primed it is or how much of the technology is being adopted at all. If there's enough fear, this could be the reaction. Chicken of the egg kind of thing. Yeah, that's um Yeah. And so with that whole thing is that there's a lot of debate because obviously the
[...middle cut...]
y bad will with their customers like Amazon by the day it seems like they're burning bridges uh Spotify artists seem to dislike them more and more each day especially as they adopt more and or AI content. So, I I think guys, like, if you want to try to find a positive lens in all this is don't wait to be fired, be building your own thing on the side. Hey, you made it to the end of the clip. That means you're probably enjoying this. And if so, just know that you can catch us live every Tuesday and Thursday at 12:00 p.m. Eastern. And if you want to see the full version of this episode, you can click the link in the description down below. Otherwise, YouTube thinks that you will enjoy this next

=== ID: JQSELAeEqvw ===
TITLE: Reason Behind Layoffs in IT Industry | AI Hype, AI Bubble & Future of Tech Jobs Ft. @ManoharBatra
DESC: Tech layoffs are back — but why now, when AI is booming? 🤖 In this video, I break down the real reasons behind mass layoffs, the truth about AI hype, and whether we’re entering an AI bubble that could soon burst.  💥 You’ll learn: Why companies are firing even with record profits How AI hype is creating unrealistic expectations The signs of an AI overvaluation bubble What this means for your career and future skills  👉 Don’t miss this deep dive into the reality behind the AI boom. If this helped 
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 13319
TRANSCRIPT: वेलकम सर। वेलकम टू आवर YouTube चैनल। कैसे हैं सर आप? मैं अच्छा हूं विपिन। थैंक यू सो मच फॉर इनवाइटिंग मी ऑन योर चैनल एंड इट्स बीइंग अ वेरी वंडरफुल फीलिंग हियर। बहुत अच्छा लग रहा है और होपफुली आज आपकी जो ऑडियंस है उनको भी ये पडकास्ट बहुत अच्छा लगेगा। थैंक्स सर। थैंक्स सर। तो इस वीडियो में जो हम लोग टॉपिक डिस्कस करेंगे एक्चुअली दो टॉपिक होंगे जो हमारा एआई हाई, एआई बबल और इससे किस तरीके से जॉब इंपैक्ट हो रही है वो होंगे। एंड देन हम लोग डिस्कस करेंगे सर कि जो ले ऑफ चल रही हैं आजकल अभी मैंने ही न्यूज़ देखा है कि TCS ने अभी फिर से 35,000 के अराउंड लोगों को ले ऑफ करना स्टार्ट किया बट उसका अभी एग्जैक्ट पॉइंट मतलब कि एग्जैक्ट उसका प्रूफ नहीं है कि वो कितना वैलिड है अभी बट ठीक है बट एसेंचर ने तो अभी ले ऑफ किया भी है तो ये सब चीजों अभी डिस्कस करेंगे तो स्टार्ट करते हैं हम लोग पहले पॉइंट से जो अभी हमारा एआई हाइप एi बबल और इससे किस तरीके से जॉब इंपैक्ट हो रही है लोगों की और वो हम लोग कैसे क्या करें कि ये सब चीजों में ना पड़े और अपने जॉब को बचा पाएं। अब होता क्या है? प्रॉब्लम क्या है? जो सीनियर टाइप के लोग होते हैं जिनका 15 साल का एक्सपीरियंस हो गया है। ओके? अब उनको पता चल गया कि भाई चैट जीपीटी में डालो। वो कोड बन के आ जाता है। है ना? अदरवाइज बहुत सारे टूल्स एंड सॉफ्टवेयर्स भी आ गए हैं। क्लॉड आ गए जहां पे सिर्फ आप प्लेन इंग्लिश में प्र्ट डालो। वो आपको पूरा कोड लिख के देता है। बट मैं बोल रहा हूं वो वैसे ही कोड सिर्फ ना अपने प्रोजेक्ट्स के लिए ठीक है। पीओसी के लिए ठीक है। पर लास्ट में मुझे आज भी एक बंदा याद है। उसने यह बोला था कि आई नीड टू डेवलपर्स। मतलब क्या हुआ? पहले जिस काम के लिए चार डेव
[...middle cut...]
ोजेक्ट खत्म हो गया है। अभी अब अब तुम्हारे टैलेंट की जरूरत नहीं है। तुम्हारे टैलेंट की जरूरत तब थी जब हमको वो चीज बनानी अब बन चुकी है। अब एक हम सपोर्ट वाला एक लड़का उठाएंगे वो काम हो जाएगा। देयर आर प्ल्टी ऑफ़ रीज़ंस। मैं इसलिए बोलता हूं जिसके पास स्किल है ना वो कभी लियो के बारे में सोचता ही नहीं। ठीक है? होप ये पडकास्ट अच्छा लगा होगा लोगों को। थैंक यू सो मच विपिन। होप ये ऑडियंस को अच्छा लगा होगा और लोग सब्सक्राइब करेंगे चैनल को और आपको सपोर्ट करेंगे। थैंक यू सो मच। और अगर चाहे तो वो मेरा वेबसाइट भी चेक आउट कर सकते हैं। कॉलेज टू कॉर्पोरेट जो मैंने कॉलेज से लेके कॉर्पोरेट के लोगों के लिए सबके लिए बनाई है। बहुत बढ़िया। बाकी ऑल द बेस्ट एवरीवन एंड थैंक्स फॉर इनवाइटिंग मी अगेन। थैंक यू सर। थैंक यू।

=== ID: 6UP75wKc92s ===
TITLE: 85 Million Jobs Gone? The AI Layoff Lie Nobody Talks About.
DESC: The World Economic Forum predicted AI would replace 85 million jobs by 2026. It's 2026. But even the CEO of OpenAI says companies are using AI as an excuse to fire people. They call it "AI washing." Here's what's really going on.  🔔 Subscribe for weekly AI governance analysis 💼 agentstruct.com  #AILayoffs #AIWashing #ArtificialIntelligence #AIJobs #OpenAI #SamAltman #FutureOfWork #AIGovernance #Klarna #IBM #Salesforce #TechLayoffs #AI2026  **Tags:** AI layoffs, AI washing, artificial intelligenc
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 139
TRANSCRIPT: 85 million jobs. That's the number the World Economic Forum predicted AI would replace by 2026. Well, it's 2026. But here is the thing. Even the CEO of Open AI says some of those layoffs have nothing to do with AI. Companies are using AI as an excuse to fire people. They call it AI washing. And the question nobody asks is, "If AI isn't actually taking your job, who is?" Every week there is a new headline. Company Clays of Thousands AI. The narrative is simple. AI is coming for your job and it's happening now. But when you actually look at numbers, something doesn't add up. Some companies blame AI publicly then quietly admit it was overhiring from the pandemic. In other words, not every layoff is an AI layoff. But calling it one is very convenient because the moment you say AI, nobody questions the layoff. The numbers are big. In 2025, about 55,000 layoffs were directly attributed to AI across tech. In January 2026 alone, 7,600 job cuts mentioned AI out of 108,000 total US layoffs. IBM is replacing 7,800 back office roles with AI. UPS cuts 20,000 jobs. Their CEO directly linked it to machine learning and Clara deployed an AI assistant that now handles the workload of 700 customer service reps. Meanwhile, Microsoft's AI chief Mustafas Leman said, and I quote, most wild color tasks will be fully automated within 12 to 18 months. So, which is it? Are 85 million jobs really disappearing or are companies just using a scary number to justify decisions they already made? We are going
[...middle cut...]
you can't, then call it what it is, a layoff, not a transformation. This is my read. I could be wrong, but I think the biggest threat from AI isn't that it takes your job. It's that companies use it as an excuse and nobody challenges them. The technology is ready to change the workforce. The governance isn't. So, I'll leave you with this question. Should companies be required to prove that AI actually replaced a job before they call it an AI layoff? Yes or no? Let me know in the comments. If you found this interesting, hit subscribe. We cover AI governance, security, and the decisions that are shaping the future of work every single week. Thank you for watching. I'll see you in the next one.

=== ID: gLUC2WK4hsg ===
TITLE: AI Triggers Mass Layoffs, Reshaping Future Of Tech Jobs In 2026? | Spotlight | N18G
DESC: Artificial intelligence is triggering concerns about mass layoffs in the technology industry. Several tech companies have announced major workforce cuts, raising fears that AI could threaten people’s livelihoods. Tech giants such as Meta, Amazon and Block, Inc. have announced or are reportedly planning job reductions. While layoffs have long been part of the technology sector, the scale this year stands out. Many of the companies making cuts remain financially strong, reporting rising revenues a
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 26290
TRANSCRIPT: Artificial intelligence is continuing to take over human jobs. Several tech companies have announced major workforce cuts, fueling concerns that AI will snatch people's livelihoods. Tech giants like Meta, Amazon, and Block Inc. are reportedly planning job reductions. Amid reports that the Meta platform was planning major job cuts that would have impacted more than 20% of its employees, Meta spokesperson Andy Stone dismissed the reports as speculative. It has done little to allay the fears though as tech companies are heavily restructuring this year and laying off people. As per Meta's latest filing dated December 31st, the company employed nearly 79,000 people worldwide. In November 2022, Meta had already cut 11,000 jobs, which was about 13% of its staff. Four months later, another 10,000 layoffs were announced as part of its cost cutting efforts. Layoffs have long been part of the tech industry, but the scale this year really stands out. Many of the companies cutting jobs are financially strong, reporting rising revenues and solid profits. But despite that, large workforce cuts have taken place. Just look at Meta for example. Over the last year, Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg has been pushing the company to compete aggressively in AI. Meta has offered large pay packages to attract and recruit top AI researchers for a new super intelligence team. The big one that we're focused on is um building an AI and a machine learning engineer to advance the llama development itself, right? Be
[...middle cut...]
 company and that's accelerating rapidly. Well, several questions have surfaced around the layoffs. Some analysts said AI had become a convenient reason to cut pandemic era hiring. Others point to automation and AI enabling companies to run smaller specialized teams. Well, the big question is how long before AI replaces even more human labor? The world doesn't fit in boxes, so why should your news? From battlefields to negotiation tables, from internet outrage to real [music] world injustice, the conversations everyone is having and the ones [music] they're avoiding. It's the same show, but this new year, First Post America gets a new look. I'm Kerry Johnston, and this is First Post America.

=== ID: YQdNMtSa_HQ ===
TITLE: AI Failed at Coding? Why AI Can’t Build Real Production Apps
DESC: 👉 Join Cohort 3.0: https://sheryians.com/courses/69aaf85ed2c69a507ba793ad?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=coursetrailer&utm_campaign=coursetrailer1  Will AI replace developers? Will AI take your job as a software engineer? Should programmers be scared of AI in 2026?  In this video, full stack engineers and the CEO of Sheryians Coding School break down the real truth about AI replacing developers, AI layoffs, software engineering jobs, and the future of coding careers.  This discussion goes deep in
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 10444
TRANSCRIPT: हे एवरीवन वेलकम टू शेरियन स्पोर्टिंग स्कूल टुडे वी आर गोइंग टू टॉक अबाउट क्या एआई सच में आपकी जॉब लेने वाला है या नहीं वी हैव ग्रेट इंजीनियर्स हमारे साथ आज अंकुर है हमारे फुल स्टक इंजीनियर एट शेरियंस हमारे साथ सारंग है सारंग भी हमारे फुल स्टक इंजीनियर है एंड हमारे साथ कार्तिकेय हैं फुल स्टक इंजीनियर एंड हमारे साथ एक जबरदस्त वाइप कोडर भी है कार्तिकेय उसके अलावा आपके साथ हर्षित शर्मा भी है जो कि मैं हूं एंड वी आर गोइंग टू टॉक अबाउट क्या एआई सच में आपकी जॉब ले रहा है ऑलराइट तो सबसे पहले क्विक स्टेटमेंट फटाफट बट लेट्स गो विथ अंकुर फर्स्ट अंकुर व्हाट डू यू थिंक क्या एआई सारा काम कर सकता है? क्या एआई आपकी जॉब लेने वाला है? जॉब ले लेगा एआई लेकिन सिर्फ जूनियर लेवल डेवलपर की लेकिन सारा काम नहीं कर पाएगा वो। अभी भी एआई जो काम करता है उसको जज करने के लिए एक इंसान की जरूरत पड़ती है वहां पर। परफेक्ट लेट्स गो विलियन। भैया मुझे लगता है कि मतलब एआई एक काम को अच्छा ऑप्टिमल नहीं कर पाता जितना मैं एज अ इंजीनियर कर पाता हूं क्योंकि वो हमेशा एक अनऑप्टिमल सॉल्यूशन मुझे दे रहा होता है। चारप सोश मेरे सामने रखता है पर वो यह रेकमेंड नहीं करता कि मुझे कौन सा सॉल्यूशन लेना चाहिए। सो एज अ इंजीनियर पर्सपेक्टिव मतलब एआई जॉब तो नहीं खा सकता। स्टिल इंजीनियर की जॉब है जो मार्केट में। राइट। लेट्स गो विथ कार्तिकेय। भैया एआई यूज करने का मतलब होता है आप सट्टा खेल रहे हो। लेजिट कि वो सही डायरेक्शन में भी चला जाएगा या फिर वो बिल्कुल ही आप प्रॉपर लॉस में हो क्योंकि वो आपके चलते फिरते कोड बेस को वो करप्ट कर देगा उसके अंदर की कोड गायब कर देगा रेजेक्स हिला देगा कुछ ना कुछ कर देता है वो तो अभी ये है ऐसे पॉइंट पे नहीं है
[...middle cut...]
 ये डिस्चार्ज हुआ है। तो तो ठीक है। सो दैट इज अबाउट इट गाइस। आई बिलीव आपको अच्छा लगा होगा। वीडियो अगर नहीं लगा है तो क्यों नहीं लगा है? मतलब इट वास वै इनफेटिव। हमने कितनी जबरदस्त बात करी है जो कि एक्चुअली आपको थोड़ा अच्छा फील करा सकती है वेदर प्लस दिस इज अ रियलिटी जो भी हम लोगों ने यहां पे बात करी है एंड वी वुड लव टू नो आपका क्या पॉइंट ऑफ व्यू है आपका क्या ओपिनियन है अबाउट एवरीथिंग एंड आप कैसे देखते हो चीजों को प्लस क्या आपको ऐसे वीडियोस पसंद आए या नहीं आए वेयर वी ब्रिंग सम पीपल अगर पसंद आए तो अगली बार एक गेस्ट और लाएंगे कोशिश करेंगे Google का एक गेस्ट है उनको भी ऐड करेंगे यहां पे एंड एंड पैनल में एंड कुछ अच्छी बातें करेंगे। परफेक्ट गाइस थैंक यू वेरी मच आज के इस वीडियो में आने के लिए। ब बाय।

=== ID: v_tsqm_lppU ===
TITLE: THE AI LAYOFF In 2026 - Jack Dorsey’s AI Bet: 4,000 Jobs Gone 📉 (The Future of Work?)
DESC: Jack Dorsey just changed the rules of tech. While most companies lay people off when they're in trouble, Dorsey is laying off 4,000 workers because Block is doing well.  In this video, we break down why the founder of Square and Cash App thinks "intelligence tools" (AI) mean he only needs half the staff to run a billion-dollar company. We also talk about:  The Shocking Moment: One employee found out he was fired while interviewing a new candidate.  The AI Gamble: Why Dorsey says other companies 
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 247
TRANSCRIPT: हेलो गाइस, वेलकम बैक टू दी चैनल। अगर आप लोग किसी टेक कंपनी में काम करते हैं, आपका डर आज के टाइम में बहुत लाजमी है। वेल इन काफी सालों से यह डिबेट चल रही थी। क्या एआई यहां पर टेकओवर करेगा ह्यूमन बीइंग को? क्या एआई वो सारे काम कर सकता है जो एक ह्यूमन पॉसिबबली कर सकता है सिंगिंग ऑन ह दिस? वेल एज ऑफ़ दिस वीक ये डिबेट जो है वो खत्म होती हुई नजर आ रही है। वेयर इन द नैरेटिव जो है वो कंप्लीटली चेंज हुआ है। फ्रॉम एआई कैन हेल्प यू डू थिंग्स मच फास्टर टू एआई कैन एक्चुअली डू थिंग्स विदाउट यू। एंड वो बहुत क्लियर नजर आ रहा है इन सम ऑफ द टेक कंपनीज एज ऑफ नाउ। अभी करेंटली हम लोग यहां पर देख रहे हैं द बिगेस्ट एआई ले ऑफ्स अक्रॉस दी ग्लोब। वेल इस टॉपिक के बारे में बात करनाेंट इसलिए भी है बिकॉज़ वन ऑफ द बिगेस्ट कंपनी ब्लॉक जिसका नाम आप लोग जानते होंगे। उसने यहां पे 40% ऑफ ह ए्प्लाइज जो है वो ले ऑफ करे हैं। एंड उनकी जगह अब एआई से वो काम करवा रहे हैं। एक नाम आप लोग डेफिनेटली जानते होंगे। अ नेम जैक टॉर्सी। उन्होंने 40% ले ऑफ्स करे हैं रिसेंटली। एंड नॉट ओनली दैट उन्होंने यहां पर बोला मोस्ट फर्म्स आर लेट जैक डर्सी ब्लॉक कट 4000 जॉब्स अमेड एआई लेऑ्स Twitter के जो कोफाउंडर है जैक डोरसी उन्होंने यहां पे बोला दे ऑप्टेड फॉर अ सिंगल डीप राउंड ऑफ कट्स इंस्टेड ऑफ मल्टीपल स्मॉलर लेऑफ्स ओवर द पीरियड ऑफ़ टाइम उन्होंने एक साथ यहां पे एंप्लाइजस को हटाया रादर देन दी स्मॉलर कट्स थ्रूआउट द लॉन्ग पीरियड ऑफ़ टाइम एंड यहां पे उन्होंने यह भी बोला काफी कंपनीज़ इसमें पीछे Toyota कोफाउंडर जैकडसी लेड ब्लॉक ऑन थर्सडे सेड इट विल कट एट ओवर 4000 जॉब्स और नियरली हाफ इट्स वर्क फोर्स एमिड एन एआई ब 40% नहीं यहां पे 50% की भी बातें हो रही
[...middle cut...]
 आप यहां पर टैक सेक्टर में हैं या किसी भी रिलेटेबल सेक्टर में है जहां पर एआई का यूज करा जा सकता है। इट इज टाइम फॉर यू टू इवैलुएट योरसेल्फ नॉट अगेंस्ट एनी अदर ह्यूमन बीइंग बट अगेंस्ट दी एआई ऑटोमेशन जो मार्केट में आ चुका है ऑलरेडी एंड द कंपनीज़ आर यूजिंग इट। विथ दैट्स इट गाइस। डू लेट मी नो इन द कमेंट सेक्शन बिलो कि आपकी कंपनीज़ में क्या चीजें चल रही है। क्या कोई एआई टूल का वहां पे यूज़ करा जा रहा है। सम ऑफ़ द ए्प्लाइजज़ लर्निंग हाउ टू बिल्ड ऑन एआई। डू लेट मी नो इन द कमेंट सेक्शन। विथ दैट्स इट गाइस। आज का वीडियो करते हैं यहीं पे एंड। आई होप आपको वीडियो अच्छा लगा हो। वीडियो अच्छा लगा हो तो वीडियो को लाइक कर देना, शेयर कर लेना, सब्सक्राइब कर लेना। थैंक यू सो मच फॉर वाचिंग आवर चैनल। सी यू नेक्स्ट टाइम।

=== ID: IeTFpsuCor8 ===
TITLE: The graduate 'jobpocalypse':  Where have all the entry-level jobs gone? | FT Working It
DESC: Entry-level jobs are disappearing. The promise of AI’s workplace abilities and economic uncertainties have caused many companies to take pause while graduate-level unemployment is at an all-time high. What will the future of work look like if there are fewer starter jobs and middle management positions? Professional development and leadership pipelines will need to be redefined but how are companies doing it?  #AI #artificialintelligence #work #futureofwork #tech #technology #innovation #workpla
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 1337924
TRANSCRIPT: Entry-level jobs are
vanishing at an alarming rate. It's likely to be one of
the most challenging times in history for graduates
to get a job today. The perfect storm of AI,
political instability, and economic uncertainty are
causing what some are calling the 'jobpocalypse.' If you don't hire
people right now, the company will cease
to exist in 15 years. If the first rung of the
job ladder is disappearing, what does that mean
for the future of work? I'm Isabel Berwick. I lead the FT's
Working It brand: speaking, presenting, and
writing about management, leadership, and workplaces. In this series, I'll explore
some of the most pressing issues around the future of work and
talk to senior leaders about how they are making work better... Human beings are wired
to resist change. ...for everyone. Job openings for graduates
are at an all-time low. Job listings in both the
US and UK are plummeting. And for the first
time on record, levels of joblessness
amongst graduates is above the overall
unemployment rate. When I met with industry
experts a year ago we talked about the big problem
facing recruiters, the skills shortage and the AI arms race
changing the way people applied for roles. A lot has changed in this
period, and not for the better. The issues with recruitment
are still there. But what has changed is the rise
in big graduate employers really cutting the number of
jobs they're offering. There's some data
from Indeed, which is one of the big
job platforms, that says that the 
[...middle cut...]
But in return, once
you're fully trained, you're going to need
to stick with us for 10 years or whatever. It's interesting to see how
these super modern problems are having people reaching
into the history books for potential solutions. AI evangelists are saying
that the skills that will be needed for
entry-level jobs in future are changing fast. And some of them
are even guessing what skills are
going to be needed for jobs that don't exist yet. But in the meantime, we're
cutting those entry-level jobs and the drudgery
that goes with it. But are we throwing
out something valuable when we do that? Those entry-level jobs create
the pipeline for the future. And without it, we
may all be adrift.

=== ID: g_f8DrYtcF4 ===
TITLE: Perplexity CEO Faces Fire For Remarks On AI-Triggered Layoffs; Internet Fumes
DESC: The CEO of Perplexity AI, is facing backlash for his remarks on AI-driven layoffs.  Aravind Srinivas said, “the reality is most people don’t enjoy their jobs anyway.” He made these comments on the All-In Podcast.  Srinivas argued that AI disruption should be seen as an opportunity, not a crisis, and even if there is temporary job displacement, it could lead to a “glorious future. A future where people use AI tools to start their own small or mini businesses.  But not everyone agreed with this. W
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 20363
TRANSCRIPT: The CEO of perplexity AI is facing backlash for his remarks on AIdriven layoffs. Aravit Shrinavas said that the reality is most people don't enjoy their jobs anyway. He made these comments on the Allin podcast. Shinas argued that AI disruption should be seen as an opportunity and not as a crisis. He said even if there is a temporary job displacement, it could lead to a glorious future. A future where people use AI tools to start their own small or mini businesses. His idea is simple. Instead of working for companies, people could become creators, entrepreneurs, and solo operators. But not everyone agrees. The reaction online was immediate. Many users said the comments show a disconnect from real world struggles especially for people who depend on stable incomes. One user pointed out that losing a paycheck is not an opportunity, it is a crisis. Others said not everyone can suddenly become a founder or run a business. At the same time, Shinas also found support. Some users said AI is actually lowering the barrier to entrepreneurship. Earlier one person could not manage everything alone. Now with AI one person can handle operations, marketing, support and product and some are already building successful businesses this way. Now how has the company responded so far? A spokesperson from Plexity told New York Post that data supports this shift. They said since December 2022 when Plexity launched, Americans have filed 16 million new business applications. They argue that this shows 
[...middle cut...]
ing brilliantly well. It's a well read page. I would think Mint breaks down business, leadership and lifestyle boldly, visually and smartly. From boardrooms to markets, from personal wealth to industry trends, we bring you the insights that matter. What fuels India's biggest CEOs? Ride along and find out. Want to invest like the pros? Learn from India's top market experts. Your money, your future. We make finance simple. Step inside breathtaking homes and the creative minds behind them. India's real estate scene decoded. No jargon, no fluff. Some chase success, others create it. Meet the ones who made the impossible possible. We don't just talk business, we show it. And the world's watching.

=== ID: vpK-kwvVGOE ===
TITLE: Has AI driven Layoffs Just Started?
DESC: 👨🏽‍💻 Subscribe to get DSA, interview tips and tech related news: https://codstak.substack.com/ web development interview bundle: https://techwithsaran.gumroad.com/l/react-interview-bundle Web Dev Career Strategy Session: https://calendly.com/techwithsaran/30min?month=2026-03
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 1014
TRANSCRIPT: So, I was actually about to make a different video on different topic and I was scrolling through YouTube and found out that Shopify had laid off a lot of people in Canada. Shopify is a great big tech company and they laid off a lot of people for a very weird reasons as you know the weird reason is AI. I think this can be a starting point of even more layoffs and I know I'm not someone who wants to like alarm thing like and get like views on these topics that oh the world is fallen that we all will be jobless in few years. See I'm also a developer. I have a day job right? So I'm really curious about these things. I think we are at an inflection point where I think companies are going to reduce their counting somewhere around 5 to 10% 15% in next couple years maybe next year I don't know and the reason is if you see like why uh Shopify laid off so many people you'll find out that they are asking in an interview that you have a technical interview right they'll ask you can you build this feature or whatever right and you will say yeah I can build it can you build this feature with just AI without your manual input. This is interesting like in actual interviews they will let you use AI to build stuff. Now the lot of meaning of this statement or this like this interview style but the most important one is that I think in the future companies will give you AI tools in an interview and will ask you to use those tools and build things and let's say so you have someone who doesn't wa
[...middle cut...]
they lose their jobs so I think it's it's it's it's a time it's the right time to get started with AI even if you don't want to do that I think you should start doing it because companies do will not give you second chance especially in an interview. If you're lucky to get an interview and you're going to say I don't want to do that, I think most company by next year will ask you to use some kind of AI tool to build things because they they can always ask you like easy questions or hard questions, right? But at the end they like maybe there's a special round where you'll be using those AI tools. So gets your hand dirty. Uh I think yeah that's it from today's video. Thanks a lot for watching.

=== ID: ysNXFMXKd_8 ===
TITLE: 30 साल में सबसे बड़ा Amazon Lay Off,  किस AI की वजह से 30 हज़ार लोगों की नौकरी जाएगी?
DESC: The e-commerce giant Amazon is making headlines again, but this time for a massive wave of layoffs. While we rely on Amazon for our daily needs, the atmosphere inside the company is one of silence and uncertainty. In this video, we dive deep into the details of Amazon’s largest-ever workforce reduction in its 30-year history. Amazon is in the process of cutting 30,000 jobs. While 14,000 employees were already let go in October 2025, the second phase is now beginning. This round primarily targets
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 32154
TRANSCRIPT: ब्रॉट टू यू बाय आई ई-कॉमर्स कंपनी Amazon जहां से आप अपनी हर छोटी बड़ी जरूरत वाले सामान खरीदते हैं। वहां सन्नाटे वाला माहौल है। कंपनी मास लेऑफ शुरू करने वाली है। बड़ी संख्या में लोगों को निकालने की तैयारी चल रही है। Amazon ने 300 लोगों को निकालने का टारगेट रखा था। जिसमें से 14,000 लोगों को अक्टूबर 2025 में पहले ही जॉब से निकाल दिया जा चुका है। अब इसका दूसरा फेज शुरू होने वाला है। जिन लोगों को जॉब से निकाला गया है, यह वाइट कॉलर एंप्लाइजस थे। बड़े पदों पर थे। कंपनी के सीनियर अधिकारियों ने न्यूज़ एजेंसी रटर्स को नाम ना छापने की शर्त पर यह जानकारी दी है। उन्होंने बताया कि Amazon वेब सर्विस, रिटेल सर्विस, प्राइम वीडियो और एचआर डिपार्टमेंट से लोगों को निकाला जाएगा। उन पर जॉब का खतरा है। इस बारे में Amazon स्पोक पर्सन ने चुप्पी साधी है। उन्होंने कुछ भी बताने से इंकार कर दिया है। वहीं CATL के एक ऑनलाइन रिटेलर ने बताया कि अक्टूबर में जो छटनी हुई थी उसके पीछे की वजह थी आर्टिफिशियल इंटेलिजेंस। कंपनी ने इंटरनल लेटर में लिखा था कि इंटरनेट के बाद एआई सबसे बड़ा बदलाव है। इसकी मदद से कंपनियां पहले के मुकाबले कई ज्यादा तेजी से नए काम इनोवेटिव काम कर रही हैं। Amazon के कर्मचारियों ने बताया कि उन्हें इस बात की भनक पहले से ही थी। Redit और ब्लिंक सोशल मीडिया प्लेटफार्म पर लोग इसके बारे में बातचीत कर रहे थे। RedIT और ब्लिंक ऐप पर यूजर अपनी पहचान छुपाकर पोस्ट करते हैं। कुछ कर्मचारियों ने बताया कि जो लोग पीआईपी परफॉर्मेंस इंप्रूवमेंट प्रोग्राम पर हैं उन्हें कुछ दिन पहले मेल भेजा जाएगा। पहले चरण में एचआर हेड ने लोगों को मेल भेजकर उनको बर्खास्त होने की खबर दी थी। Amazon के सीईओ एनडी जेसी ने जून 2025 मे
[...middle cut...]
होंने कहा था कि जिस तरह एआई का इस्तेमाल हर जगह हो रहा है, लाजमी है कि उसके लिए बहुत कम लोगों की जरूरत पड़े। उन्होंने यह भी कहा था कि मैनेजोरियल लेवल पर लोगों को संभालना मुश्किल हो रहा है। उनका कहना है कि लोग जितने ज्यादा होते हैं, लेयर भी उतने बढ़ जाते हैं। इससे कंपनी कल्चर को बेहतर करने और तेजी से फैसले लेने पर जोर दिया जाएगा। Amazon कुल 3000 नौकरियों में कटौती कर रहा है। कंपनी में 15 लाख एंप्लॉय हैं। यानी वर्क फ़ोर्स का लगभग 10% निकाला जा रहा है। 30 साल में यह सबसे बड़ी छटनी बताई जा रही है। इससे पहले 2022 में कंपनी ने करीब 27,000 कर्मचारियों को निकाला था। तो जो भी अपडेट्स हैं, हम आप तक पहुंचाते रहेंगे। अपनी राय आप कमेंट सेक्शन में जरूर दीजिए। मेरा नाम प्रगति है। देखते रहिए दल टॉक। शुक्रिया।

=== ID: sASb3Y_1gdQ ===
TITLE: The Breaking Views - Episode 2 - AI Security, Layoffs, and the HR Leader's Dilemma
DESC: Theresa and Anthony take on a full news cycle of AI security breaches, the wave of layoffs tied to AI bets at Disney, Amazon, and Block, and the pressure HR leaders are facing from every direction.   They talk about what it means when companies announce layoffs in the name of AI and then quietly start rehiring, whether employees are "keeping receipts" on employer behavior, and why the people function has to grow its own AI fluency to lead through this moment.   Plus a detour into Disney's knocko
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 4
TRANSCRIPT: Welcome to the breaking views. I'm Teresa Fessenstein here with my co-host Anthony Anesto. We've spent our careers in HR and people leadership and each week we pull apart what's breaking in the news and talk about what it actually means for the teams doing the work. We're so happy you're here. Okay, welcome to the breaking views with Anthony Eesto and myself, Terresa Fessenstein. We're going to be talking uh on this podcast about things that are in the news that relate to around and for human resource teams and probably a lot of AI. So, Anthony, how are you doing today? I am good. I just got back uh took a little break uh went down to warmer climates in Florida. And by the way, when you said your last name, I'm like, "Oh, that's how you pronounce it." Wonderful. Great. Uh, good news there. I learned something new within five seconds. Um uh it it so anyway I was in Florida for a couple of days and you know ironically I know we're going to talk a little bit about some of the Disney layoffs but I was down in in Disney and walked so many freaking steps and o um and spent some time at the pool and got a little bit of a tan. So uh it was nice to kind of just cut off ties. It's just interesting. Like I know we're going to talk a lot about security stuff and AI, but got to be honest, it was nice to be off the grid and put my phone down and just kind of stare at space or read or be offline. So, definitely got to do more of that. But, uh, how are you doing? How's your your week? Good. 
[...middle cut...]
rs feel that deeply. So figuring out the places that you can find moments of learning share with your team and leadership around what the impact of this is for you and your own organization. you know being a being a AI growing your fluency I guess I would say in order so that you can help your team do that and then thus help your organization because let me tell you as much as we want the people team to lead the AI charge which I agree with fully I can't do that if I can't speak to terminology if I can't speak to function if I can't really haven't explored it or used it myself and so I think that's big part of it well thank you Anthony this was a greatation I'll see Episode number two. Yeah.

=== ID: VlfpfttvatQ ===
TITLE: 30,000 Oracle Employees About to Lose Their Jobs?
DESC: Oracle may lay off up to 30,000 employees, nearly 20% of its entire workforce.  AI and Careers for Men: https://www.aiupdate.ai  Early reports reveal the tech giant is scrambling to free up $10 billion in cash to fund a massive AI infrastructure buildout, while Oracle’s stock has dropped almost 50% since September.  Big partners like OpenAI and Meta are fueling the urgency, but as banks signal an AI bubble, Oracle’s future is on the line.  If Oracle falters, ripple effects hit OpenAI, Microsoft,
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 65118
TRANSCRIPT: Guys, we have early reports out that Oracle is planning on firing 30,000 employees. 30,000. That's nearly 20% of their workforce. Now, Oracle has not officially announced it yet and it's not being widely reported, but there are a lot of signs pointing to this being a real possibility. Now, who's most at risk when it comes to layoffs like this? Well, we'll get to that in a moment. First, I just want to cover. Why would Oracle make a move like this? Why would Oracle look to lay off 20% of of its workforce? Well, you guessed it. The reason is AI, but it might not be for the exact reasons that you think. Okay? Because we've seen companies like Salesforce fire thousands of humans and replace them with AI agents. We've seen Amazon replace thousands, if not tens of thousands of humans with robots. But that's not exactly what we're seeing here with Oracle. And by the way, if you're subscribed to the channel, you would understand what's happening in the job markets before everyone else, because six days a week we're out here covering, discussing and talking about these layoffs and how AI is impacting the future of work. So again, make sure you hit subscribe so you stay in the know. The reality though, of what's happening here at Oracle is a little bit different than what we've seen at some of these other companies because it comes down not necessarily to AI implementation, but into financing their AI initiatives. Basically, they need lots and lots of cash. Oracle needs billions, tens 
[...middle cut...]
 with the mission, if they aren't aligned with the goal, if they don't understand what we're trying to do, I don't want them, they become a problem to executing and achieving the next, the next layer. So anyway, guys, I, I think there's a lot of lessons to be learned here from Oracle. I hope you enjoyed the video. We'll see and I'll definitely be paying attention to when the official memo comes out. But this is why you're subscribed, guys. Because you want to hear it here first. You understand what's happening and what's coming down the pipeline. All right, boys, if you like today's video, you'll love yesterday's video. Go check it out, watch it, learn it, and I'll see you over there. Peace.

=== ID: 9dws4ZyQ4bI ===
TITLE: 'If You Work On Computer, Your Job Is In Danger'; Microsoft AI CEO Warns Of Overhaul Of The Job Mkt
DESC: The Microsoft AI CEO highlighted that this rapid pace of technological advancement will not just impact coders and software engineers.  It is also expected to significantly affect professionals such as lawyers and accountants, many of whom could see their work being automated by AI.  #microsoft #ai #artificialintelligence #automation #aijobs    Mint is an Indian financial daily newspaper published by HT Media. The Mint YT Channel brings you cutting edge analysis of the latest business news and f
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 27612
TRANSCRIPT: The CEO of Microsoft AI, Mustafa Sullean, has warned that AI could replace a large share of white collar jobs within the next 12 to 18 months. This rapid pace of technological advancement will not just impact coders and software engineers. It is also expected to significantly affect professionals such as lawyers and accountants, many of whom could see their work being automated by AI. In a video interview with the Financial Times, Sulleman revealed that Microsoft has been pushing for a bigger share in the enterprise market with professional-grade AGI or artificial general intelligence. Speaking of the plan, he described the system as an AI model that can do almost everything a human professional is capable of doing. Such technology would allow Microsoft to offer powerful AI tools to its customers, helping them handle routine tasks that are usually done by office workers. Sullean explained that the white collar workforce across the globe will witness major changes in the next 12 to 18 months where every individual who does their job on a computer could be at risk of losing their job. Be it lawyers, accountants or marketing managers. The top executives remarks come at a time when companies around the world are increasingly adopting AI as a cost cutting measure which in turn is leading to the elimination of certain positions. USbased cloud services platform Salesforce allegedly laid off up to 1,000 employees at the beginning of this month amid the company CEO's push towards tran
[...middle cut...]
 brilliantly well. It's a well read page. I would think Mint breaks down business, leadership, and lifestyle. Boldly, visually, and smartly. From boardrooms to markets, from personal wealth to industry trends, we bring you the insights that matter. What fuels India's biggest CEOs. Ride along and find out. Want to invest like the pros? Learn from India's top market experts. Your money, your future. We make finance simple. Step inside breathtaking homes and the creative minds behind them. India's real estate scene decoded. No jargon, no fluff. Some chase success, others create it. Meet the ones who made the impossible possible. We don't just talk business, we show it. And the world's watching.

=== ID: iN4bUXljjrY ===
TITLE: Are layoffs now being driven by AI? Perspectives Ep 58
DESC: Layoffs across Big Tech are increasingly tied to rapid AI adoption. Companies like Meta and Snap are restructuring teams as automation replaces parts of traditional workflows. Roles in engineering, operations and support are being reduced or reshaped as AI systems take on larger responsibilities.   This shift reflects a broader move toward AI-first organizations, not just cost-cutting cycles. Overall, tech layoffs are becoming a visible outcome of large-scale automation and AI transformation.   
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 30
TRANSCRIPT: कॉस्ट कटिंग मेजर्स और वन टाइम रिस्ट्रक्चरिंग इवेंट। दे आर अपीयरिंग एस अ रिकरिंग पैटर्न अक्रॉस मल्टीपल कंपनीज़ ऑफन अलोंग साइड कंटिन्यूड [संगीत] इन्वेस्टमेंट इन आर्टिफिशियल इंटेलिजेंस, ऑटोमेशन सिस्टम्स एंड इंफ्रास्ट्रक्चर स्केल अप। हेलो एंड वेलकम। आई एम आरुष मिश्रा एंड यू आर वाचिंग पर्सपेक्टिव्स, योर डीप ड्राइव इनू फोर्स रीशेपिंग टेक, [संगीत] एआई एंड द ग्लोबल सिक्योरिटी लैंडस्केल। रीसेंट अनाउंसमेंट्स एंड रिपोर्ट्स फ्रॉम मेजर टेक फर्म्स इंक्लूडिंग Amazon, मेटा एंड Snap इंडिकेट ऑनगोइंग वर्कफोर्स रिडक्शंस। इवन एस दीज़ कंपनीज़ एक्सपेंड प्लेऑ्स आर बैक एंड फोकस अक्रोस द ग्लोबल टेक इंडस्ट्री बट दिस टाइम दे आर नॉट बीइंग फेम एस आइसोलेटेड कॉस्ट कटिंग मेजर्स [संगीत] और वन टाइम रिस्ट्रक्चरिंग इवेंट। दे आर अपीयरिंग एस अ रिकरिंग पैटर्न अक्रॉस मल्टीपल कंपनीज़। ऑफेन अलोंग साइड कंटिन्यूड इन्वेस्टमेंट इन आर्टिफिशियल इंटेलिजेंस, ऑटोमेशन [संगीत] सिस्टम्स एंड इंफ्रास्ट्रक्चर स्केल अप। हेलो एंड वेलकम। आई एम आरुष मिश्रा एंड यू आर वाचिंग पर्सपेक्टिव्स, यू आर डीप [संगीत] ड्राइव इनटू फोर्सेस रीशेपिंग टेक, एआई एंड द ग्लोबल सिक्योरिटी लैंडस्केल। रीसेंट अनाउंसमेंट्स एंड रिपोर्ट्स फ्रॉम मेजर टेक फर्म्स इंक्लूडिंग Amazon, मेटा एंड [संगीत] Snap इंडिकेट ऑनगोइंग वर्क फोर्स रिडक्शंस, इवन एस दीज़ कंपनीज़ एक्सपेंड देयर एआई कैपेबिलिटीज़। नाउ व्हाट इज इमर्जिंग इज अ क्लियर कंट्राडिक्शन। कंपनीज़ आर रिडुसिंग ह्यूमन टीम्स, व्हाइल एक्सपेंडिंग मशीन [संगीत] ड्रिवन सिस्टम्स। एंड दैट टेंशन व्यूअर्स इज बिगनिंग टू डिफाइन द नेक्स्ट फेज ऑफ़ वर्क। नाउ सम ऑफ़ द लेटेस्ट रीस्टक्चरिंग मूव्स इंक्लूड वर्क फोर्स कट्स अक्रॉस डिवीजंस, हायरिंग [संगी
[...middle cut...]
 सिस्टम। दिस इस [संगीत] चेंजिंग हाउ रोल्स आर डिफाइंड। नॉट जस्ट इन टर्म्स ऑफ़ स्किल्स बट आल्सो इन टर्म्स ऑफ़ स्कोप। फॉर द वर्क फोर्स। दिस शिफ्ट इज़ क्रिएटिंग अ पीरियड ऑफ़ रिकैलिब्रेशन। [संगीत] बिकॉज़ अनलाइक अर्लियर टेक्नोलॉजी ट्रांजिशन्स दैट क्रिएटेड पैरेलल जॉब कैटेगरीस एट स्केल। दिस फेस इज़ रिड्यूसिंग एक्सिस्टिंग स्ट्रक्चर्स व्हाइल ग्रेजुअली इंट्रोड्यूसिंग न्यू एआई डिपेंडेंट रोल्स। फ्रॉम नाउ ऑन द क्वेश्चन इज़ नो लॉन्गर जस्ट अबाउट इफ द जॉब कट्स अलोन। इट्स अबाउट हाउ वर्क इज़ बीइंग रिकंस्ट्रक्टेड अराउंड सिस्टम्स दैट इंक्रीसिंगली ऑपरेट एट स्केल विथ [संगीत] प्युअर ह्यूमंस। दैट इज ऑल द टाइम वी हैव ऑन दिस एपिसोड ऑफ़ पर्सपेक्टिस। कीप वाचिंग द मेन स्ट्रीम फॉर मोर न्यूज़ एंड अपडेट्स। दिस इज आरुष मिश्रा। [संगीत]

=== ID: SXOYvvRZhpA ===
TITLE: AI Triggers MASS LAYOFFS: META, NIKE Announce New Cuts
DESC: Krystal, Ryan, Emily, and Griffin discuss AI triggering mass layoffs.   Sign up for a PREMIUM Breaking Points subscriptions for full early access to uncut shows and LIVE AMAs with the hosts every week: https://breakingpoints.locals.com/support  Merch Store: https://shop.breakingpoints.com/  To listen to Breaking Points as a podcast, check them out on Apple and Spotify  Apple: https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/breaking-points-with-krystal-and-saagar/id1570045623   Spotify: https://open.spotif
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 149077
TRANSCRIPT: Let's move over to some things happening in our country currently. Emily, we've got some economy news and some layoffs. What do we got? We'll start by saying markets have been open for about an hour as we're talking right now. The S&P 500 is up. So, uh I'm sure that's uh great news to everybody over in the White House. But a couple of big layoff announcements that we wanted to cover. We can start with this Meta announcement. Meta is going to cut 10% of its workforce according to a New York Times story. That's 8,000 employees. They're going to close an additional 6,000 roles that were open. Uh and they're in the process of obviously, as the Times points out, spending heavily on AI. So going basically pedal to the metal on artificial intelligence. Another one uh to cover here is Nike is announcing about 1,400 layoffs. That's 2% of the entire company. It comes out to about 2% of the entire company. Um Sha Ben Ephrame had a roundup so that we can also pop on the screen. Griffin of Nike, Meta, also Microsoft offering voluntary retirement buyouts to about 7% of its US workforce. Another company that is going pedal to the metal on artificial intelligence. Oracle uh has an AIdriven layoff between 20,000 to 30,000 employees getting cut. Uh again, that's as they're going pedal to the metal on AI. Amazon 16,000 jobs cut uh at the corporate level back in January. Many people will probably remember that. They had recently cut about 14,000 as Shy points out just a couple of months earlier 
[...middle cut...]
to say that your best example of that is what happened in Gaza. It's like we we were talking on the show about this this week, too. was like for Trump it looked like the win that he could say he ended another conflict put you know another notch in the Nobel Prize uh qualification and it rolls on and we could see flare-ups um anyway so it's like branding basically hey if you like that video hit the like button or leave a comment below it really helps get the show to more people and if you'd like to get the full show ad free and in your inbox every morning you can sign up at breakingpoints.com that's right get the full show help support the future Serve independent media at breakingpoints.com.

=== ID: BYArKk7-GyM ===
TITLE: Job Layoffs: Tech Giants Cut Jobs As AI Takes Over Tasks  | WION
DESC: Artificial intelligence-led automation has driven record global layoffs in 2025, with total job cuts hitting 1.17 million, the highest since 2020. Tech giants and major corporations are accelerating workforce reductions as AI systems replace routine and white-collar tasks across industries.  #artificialintelligence #jobs #wion   About Channel:   WION The World is One News examines global issues with in-depth analysis. We provide much more than the news of the day. Our aim is to empower people to
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 21299
TRANSCRIPT: Moving on, layoffs have been distressingly common for white collar workers in 2025. And with artificial intelligence increasingly cited as a key driver behind thousands of job cuts, according to data from the US-based consulting firm Challenger, Gray, and Christmas, the scale of disruption in the US this year is second only to the pandemic era job losses. A report from outplacement firm Challenger Gray and Christmas links artificial intelligence to nearly 55,000 layoffs in America this year. Overall, employers announced around 1.17 million job cuts this year, which is the highest annual total since the co9 pandemic time when more than 2.2 million layoffs were recorded in 2020. The pace of cuts accelerated towards the end of the year. American employers announced more than 153,000 job losses in October, followed by over 71,000 in November alone. AI was cited as a factor in more than 6,000 of those November cuts. Several major tech firms have openly linked restructuring decisions to investment in AI. In October this year, Amazon announced the largest round of layoffs in its history, cutting 14,000 corporate roles. The company's CEO, Andy Jesse, had previously issued warnings that AI would shrink the company's workforce. Meanwhile, Microsoft has cut around 15,000 jobs this year with 9,000 roles axed in July alone. In a member to the employee, CEO Satya Nadella said that the company needed to re-imagine its mission for a new era. While positioning AI at the center of its future s
[...middle cut...]
tbots had replaced several hundred human resource roles. In November this year, IBM had announced a 1% global workforce reduction, potentially affecting nearly 3,000 employees. Cyber security firm Crowdstrike said in May that it would cut 5% of its staff, which is around 500 jobs, directly attributing the move to AI efficiency gains. An HR platform, Workday, announced as early as in February that it would cut 8.5% of its workforce, which is around 1,750 roles. As a shifted investment towards AI development, analysts say that the trend marks a structural shift in how companies think about labor. With AI no longer just a tool for productivity, but a direct substitute for certain roles. [music]

=== ID: xosK8NijBuw ===
TITLE: Storm Watch | AI Layoffs, Bug Bounty Fails & Cyber Workforce Crisis
DESC: On this episode of GreyNoise Storm⚡️Watch, we explore how AI is both disrupting the cybersecurity workforce and generating noise in bug bounty programs, with companies like CrowdStrike and Duolingo pushing flawed AI-first strategies that frustrate workers and users alike.   We also highlight the revival of the PIVOTT Act, aiming to close the cybersecurity talent gap through government-backed scholarships, and ask listeners to share their favorite memories from the early days of the Internet.  Fo
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 97
TRANSCRIPT: Welcome to Stormwatch by Grey Noise Intelligence. Each week we cover the latest info on what's happening at Grey Noise Census, VCH, and Run Zero. Take take a look at a roundup of important and timely cyber security topics, toss out some expert opinions, and drop the occasional conspiracy theory. All right, so today we are talking about AI layoffs shaking up the entire tech world, not just cyber. Uh, also shaking up bug bounty programs that are getting swamped with sloppy AI submissions and the ongoing struggle to fill cyber security jobs, which I might take umbrage with because I don't know if I believe it. Uh, we're also going to check in with what each of our respective benevolent overlords would like us to talk about today. And you all for the people that are joining, you can see everybody and I'll introduce them one by one. Kimber, what welcome to the show today. Thank you for being here. Good morning. And uh how what's your vibe today? What's the vibe check going for you today? H I think the vibe check is overall it's really windy here. The vibe check is allergies. It's allergy season. I think that that is an understandable premise for everyone. The vibes are allergies. My my grandkids are both in the throws of allergies and they're a bit too young for any kind of relief. So it's not great. Gh, that's the worst. That's the worst. Actually, speaking of that, hi Benjamin. Hi, Ezekiel. Uh, Todd. Todd. Good. Good morning. Good morning to you, Boberto. How are you? It I am uh
[...middle cut...]
ly provide feedback on the use. It does help. It actually does help if you do that. Get involved. You can change things. You all can change. Kev at mail.siza.dhs.gov up and say, "WTF mates? Why are we not doing RSS anymore?" This is why we have the former section chief. Yeah. Here. Right here. Cool. All right. Well, that is a wrap for this episode. So, remember what uh remember whether you're dodging AI pink slips or sifting through bug bounty bot blunders, don't let the workforce wos get you down, stay patched, stay sharp, and may your only shortage be of bad puns. Catch you on the next Stormwatch where we promise the only thing automated is our sense of humor. No. Take care everybody. Bye.

=== ID: 5jTTTqMSdWk ===
TITLE: AI Layoffs: Unveiling the Truth Behind the Trend
DESC: In this week's episode of Boon Or Bust, we discuss the AI-driven layoffs in the tech industry, where automation is often cited as the reason for workforce reductions. This discussion reveals the underlying factors at play, emphasising the need for genuine productivity improvements and the crucial role of human oversight in technology deployment.  Welcome to Boon or Bust, a weekly podcast on the ever-changing landscape of the technological world around us, and how best to navigate it. Featuring i
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 56
TRANSCRIPT: Well, ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to Boon or Bust in a late February day in the glorious southern highlands of New South Wales. And I've got with me my esteemed colleague Matt Boon. And Matt, we want to cut through the noise, challenges, and narratives in the IT industry to give you sense and sanity. But Matt, there's an issue that you've got to be in your bonnet about something, haven't you, M? Well, we talked about the last time your be in your bonnet with um tech provider selling bid be on my bonnet is it's a topic which has been if you like bubbling away for months and it kind of hits the news almost every day and that's AIdriven layoffs. I guess it's a bit of an AI theme again, but AIdriven layoffs or or more I think more actually perhaps a story of AIdriven layoffs story and inverted commerce because the narrative is doing really it's doing more work than the technology in many cases in terms of what we're seeing in the market right now. See, I'm wrestling with this a bit, Matt, because we are we've spent our careers in technology and the result of technology is invariably we automate old ways of working, which means people get displaced. Why are you getting so heated up about this right now? I'm why I'm getting so heated up because I think historically when this has happened Peter there there's perhaps been you know maybe genuine reasons for it but I think right now we saw a lot of organizations particularly the tech providers I got to say the tech providers the
[...middle cut...]
or what they're trying to do? Lazy layoffs. Okay. Well, Matt, we're talking here about culture and culture change. And in the next episode of Boon or Bust, we're going to be looking at actually the culture of resilience and why organizations when they're digital and online and it's easy for customers to change from one supplier to another by a flick of a switch, why resilience and dependability is so integral to the success of organizations today. And I to wrap it up, I coined a phrase on a podcast I did actually a couple of months ago that it was more like a rantcast and I think that was more like a rantcaster. But always always good stuff and look forward to the next time. Thank you, Mark.

=== ID: 7pLgmnQbBTo ===
TITLE: AI Layoffs: Only 28% Actually Recovered. Here's What the 72% Don't Know Yet.
DESC: One year after being laid off by AI, only 28% of the workers in this sample actually recovered their previous income. The rest took pay cuts, accepted demotions, or left the workforce entirely. What the recovered quarter did differently is not what LinkedIn is telling you.  A condensed version of the A Fulcrum analysis of 312 AI layoff interviews — covering AI-resistant career capital, the failure of standard upskilling, the Gen Z entry-level collapse, and the four behavioural patterns that sepa
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 4
TRANSCRIPT: Everyone says you need to upskill for AI, but what if that advice is just dangerously wrong? And look, this isn't some guess. It's from a year-long study of people whose jobs are replaced by AI. We're talking 312 interviews with white collar professionals laid off specifically because of artificial intelligence. A year later, the numbers are pretty stark. Only 28% recovered their old income. A whopping 72% did not. So, what happened to that 72%. Well, many of them did exactly what they were told and ended up worse off. The financial hit has been absolutely brutal, creating a massive income hole that's so hard to escape. You know, the toughest stories we heard were from people who thought they were doing everything right. Take David. He was a data analyst who spent his whole severance on a machine learning boot camp. By the time he finished, the junior developer market was gone, automated by the exact tools he just learned. So, here's the key idea. The target isn't just moving. For many people, it's completely dissolving. Okay, so how did anyone succeed? That 28%, they weren't chasing tech. They shared four winning behaviors. And what's really interesting here is it's all about mindset and strategy, not just some new tech skill. Let's dive in to the biggest pivot. Selling your judgment, not just what you can physically produce. This is a huge deal. See, AI can make stuff, but it has no idea what's worth making. This is the exact thing that saved a guy named Marcus, an HR manager who got replaced by an AI. He didn't learn to code. Nope. He went the other way, opening a local hightouch project management firm. He sold human judgment in context. You just can't automate that stuff. It's impossible. But all this disruption creates an even bigger problem, especially for young people just starting out. Think about it. All those entry-level tasks we used for training, they're the first jobs to get automated. And that's why Gen Z's excitement about AI has taken a nose dive. For them, the risks seem to outweigh the benefits. So, it all leaves us with one critical question for your own career in this wild new world.

=== ID: VQriy1jTJoE ===
TITLE: The AI Layoff Wave: Why It Hits the Economy Twice
DESC: Artificial intelligence is beginning to reshape the global job market — but the real economic impact may come in two waves.  The first wave is the one most people are already talking about: companies using AI and automation to reduce costs and replace certain roles. But the second wave is often less visible — and potentially more powerful.  When layoffs spread across industries, household spending begins to slow. Businesses earn less revenue. Hiring freezes expand. And the effects ripple through
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
VIEWS: 2454
TRANSCRIPT: Let me ask you a question. What if the biggest economic impact of artificial intelligence isn't the jobs it replaces, but what happens after those jobs disappear? Right now, companies around the world are rapidly adopting AI to automate work that is used to require teams of employees. And when people hear about AI, layoffs, they usually think about the first effect, workers losing their jobs. But economists are watching something much deeper. Because large waves of layoffs don't just hit the economy once, they hit twice. First, through the jobs that disappear, and then through the ripple effects that spread across the entire economy. And once you understand how that second wave works, you start to see why economists are paying very close attention to the rise of AI. So now, let's break it down. Let's start with a simple question. Why do layoffs caused by artificial intelligence matter so much for the broader economy? Most people assume the impact is straightforward. Companies automate tasks. Workers lose jobs. Productivity improves and eventually the economy adapts. But what many people don't realize is that large waves of technological layoffs often affect the economy in two separate stages. The first stage is the obvious one. Jobs disappear. But the second stage, the one that economists watch closely, happens after the layoffs begin spreading through the rest of the economy. And that second wave can sometimes be even more powerful than the first. To understand why, we need 
[...middle cut...]
 that spread through consumer spending and business revenue. Understanding that two-stage process helps explain why economists and policymakers are watching AI adoption so closely. Not because technology itself is new, but because the speed and scale of this transition could reshape the labor market in ways that ripple through the entire economy. And like many major economic shifts throughout history, the real impact may not appear immediately. It may appear gradually as those secondord effects begin spreading through the system. If you found this breakdown helpful and want more videos explaining how technological change, financial systems, and economic cycles interact, consider subscribing.

