Hey guys, what's up? God damn, it's hotter than two fat bitches fucking in the sauna, but anyway, that's besides the point. Yo, listen, you see these cameras right here? It's called a Netrodine camera, right? It's built by this guy they call Avneesh Agrawald. You can Google him, okay? For all the fleet drivers, you know, Amazon delivery drivers, any delivery service companies, whatever, you know, small business, it doesn't matter. Like, we all gonna be having Uber, everything. Gonna be having these in their trucks or cars real soon. These cameras are AI cameras, artificial intelligence. There's no way for you to get around it, right? It's installed on your windscreen right behind your rearview mirror, right? I've known guys trying to rip it off. They broke the fucking mirror. There's no way to take it off. It's got that 3M ultra-strong adhesive-type tape shit. You know what I'm saying? So anyway, these cameras record 360 degrees. It's got four cameras, two side-facing cameras, one to the front of the vehicle, and one front-facing camera that's always monitoring your every move. It monitors your body language. If you yawn, if you scratch your face, it's considered a distraction. If you take your face or your eyes off the road for more than three to five seconds, it considered a distraction If you go through a yellow light they consider that you run a red light Their algorithm considers you that you ran that red light You know, I'm babbling right now because I'm fucking frustrated with these motherfuckers. You understand what I'm saying? Like, you already got my driving record. You got all my information. You got my social security. You know that I'm a safe driver. I've never been in an accident. And these cameras are being installed because you got fucking assholes who constantly be hitting the fucking trucks and getting in accidents. So they decided that they have to buckle down on safety for everybody. Now, I'm being reprimanded for this shit. For somebody that's an unsafe driver that keeps getting into shit. And as you guys can tell, like, I'm really pissed off right now. But these cameras, there's no way to get around it. You cannot manipulate these cameras. You cannot do anything to fuck around these cameras. You just got to, now you got to stop at every stop fucking sign, three to five seconds, right? You got to double stop because if there's a bush or a car's parked, like you can't see around that blind corner, now you got to double stop. You got to stop before the line at the stop sign and then you got to stop again after you're trying to merge into traffic. You understand what I'm saying? There's no way to manipulate these sons of bitches, all right? I mean, I had to vent. I had to get that off my chest. Tired of these motherfuckers.