The Faceplay AI does not steal your art. Some days ago a new misinformation appeared on TikTok and everyone is going with it. In case you have no idea what I'm talking about, I'll shortly and simply explain what's going on. Faceplay is a platform that gives you the opportunity to insert your own face into the scenes in a variety of short videos and turn your photos into art. People on TikTok started a trend where they inserted their own art into this application and it turned it into anime style, the artist then rated the results. Some days later, artists started warning others about the AI stealing your art and then using it for its improvement and future works. Which is not true. And I'll explain exactly why. 1. The application's purpose is to turn photos into art, not art into another art. The company didn't know people are going to put their drawings into the app, and it wasn't even their intention. The purpose of this app is to turn a photo into a drawing, not another drawing. Therefore, the app treats an inserted photo the same way it treats an inserted drawing, because the AI cannot tell the difference. It was not programmed to be able to tell a difference between a photo and a drawing. As I mentioned earlier, the company wasn't counting on people using their art. So, now that you guys know that the AI treats it both the same, you also want to know, what happens to the picture I let them use? Do they save it? Where does the picture go? Well there a pretty simple answer to that All you have to do is open the app and just click on the how it works and a simple explanation pops up And if this short explanation doesn't satisfy you, just check their privacy policy. Before talking about a sensitive and dangerous topic that will for sure get attention, please do your research. Your gut feeling isn't enough in this case, you are only making people scared and unnecessarily jeopardizing the company's reputation. So, by this video, I'm proving that the app Playface is completely safe, it does not steal your inserted artwork nor photo. By the way, where you put your artwork and how careful you are is your responsibility, just by checking few comments, it was pretty obvious to me that some of you just put your artwork anywhere without thinking what happens next. By this video, I'm not trying to say that all apps using an AI are safe, obviously not, please be careful with your data before giving it to an AI, check the company, privacy policy and if it is to be trusted, if the app is on Play Store, it is most likely to be safe. But still, a little research won't hurt anyone, at least you'll be sure what happens to your art, after all, it's your art, so it's up to you how careful you are with it. This is all I had to say, I hope I didn't forget anything and that I cleared up some things, again, we are on the internet, just by being here you are already putting yourself at risk.