This is how I stole David Attenborough's voice using AI. Follow me for more. Just so everyone knows, I lip-synced that first part. This is just a text-to-speech AI. But anyway, the first step here was to go to YouTube and find David Attenborough moments. So I found a video of his top five moments, but there was a lot of noise in the background with music and sound effects and whatever, and we have to get rid of those. As you can see here, he sounds like classic David Attenborough, but the sounds are way too much, and we have to get rid of them or the AI will just mess up. And a male with a huge dorsal fin almost two meters high. So now what we do is copy this link and go to a YouTube video downloader. I will warn you that some of these sites are a little scammy, but if anything pops up, just exit out of it. All you have to do here is paste that link into the downloader and then download the video. I prefer to download the video because I can actually see where the edits are being made. Once this is downloaded, you're going to drag this into Premiere Pro or CapCut. And basically all you're going to do here is find any time that he's speaking and cut out all the sound effects and music in between that. Because if you give the AI sound effects in your sample, it's going to put that in there. Once that's done, we're going to export it as an MP3 and then we're going to go to Adobe Podcast. Once you're on Adobe Podcast, click Enhance Speech. This box will pop up, and then you need to upload the file you just exported from Premiere Pro or CapCut. It's going to take a minute to do it, but once it's done, it'll sound something like this. The abundance of krill attracts other visitors. And as you can notice, all the sound effects and music in the background are gone, which is perfect. That's what we need. Then download that sample. Please stay with me. It's almost done. It's not as hard as it sounds. We're then going to head over to 11labs.io. Go to the left sidebar, hit Voices, and then Create. Then the Voice Lab will pop up, and you want to hit Add Generative or Clone to Voice. Then hit Instant Voice Cloning. From here, this box will pop up where you have to name it and upload your file. Obviously, I named mine David Attenborough, and I uploaded the file that we just downloaded from Adobe Podcast. Then all you have to do is click Add Voice and wait. Once it's done, you can see it in your library and press Use. Then type out whatever you want and press Generate. I just cloned a voice in less than five minutes. Look at how easy that was. You can also go up to the voice settings and play with stability, clarity and similarity enhancement, and style exaggeration. And that's how you steal someone's voice using AI.