Thank you for gathering here today. We need to have a serious discussion about my gallery wall. Everybody loves a gallery wall, and I love that. And here's the deal. I don't want to gatekeep. So if you see something on the wall and you're like, oh my god, where did that come from? If it was thrifted, I'll tell you it was thrifted. But if I got it from a small artist, I will let you know. And that is why I've gathered you here today to talk about small artists. Specifically, my friend Allie. She is one of my internet friends, and she is an artist. Her Instagram is Allie PaintsNakes. and this came in the mail from her yesterday and I could not be more thrilled because it is so freaking cute and I just absolutely have to show it to you. Look at this print. Look at this. Do you see this? I guess I could take it out of the plastic. That would be probably better for you. This is so cute. She painted this. She's a painter. She painted this. When I saw it, I was like, here, maybe? Yep. I don know I don know if Ali has a TikTok but I gonna put her Instagram in the caption And like my friend Emma did the little cowboy My friend Mallory did this A cool person out of the UK did these cherries. Like our home should be a reflection of us. And whether that be like you see something that another person has and you're like, that feels like me. I think it would be a great addition to my home. Awesome. But we should support these small artists. We should give them their flowers, you know, because they're working hard and we should let them know that what they're doing is making our lives more beautiful and happy and lovely. So if you have a small artist friend that you are like, this person is awesome. Or if you're a small artist yourself, put your app in the comments so we can all go support you. And yeah, that's it. I just, I'm so excited about this print and it fired me up about all my artist friends because they're so cool. Um, yeah, I'm gonna throw a prank for this today. Oh, also another small artist I love, this is Wren Ceramics. That's in my mug. It says Heidi on that side. People always love this mug. Lovey-bye!