I have an idea for an app and I'm going to try and use AI to build it in an hour before my next meeting. You know what that means. The first tool that I'm using is called v0.dev and this is going to give me just some code that I can copy and paste to get going. Basically the concept is a landing page that allows you to swipe through like a handful of different screens kind of like Tinder. What v0 did is generate a react component and so now I have to open up an IDE on my computer so I and run this locally and see if it works. Okay, so now I'm jumping into Claude and I'm basically telling it, hey, I have this idea called swipe form and I wanna create a React app. Can you give me all of the code that I need in order to basically create the files on my computer? Okay, so now I'm gonna open up a new terminal window and I'm basically going to just copy and paste this code in here and that's going to give me all of the file structures. Okay, and now we're off and running. Now we have the app, it's running. We just need to add our elements to it. Okay, so now we opened the file in cursor, and this is where we start actually generating the code that's gonna appear on our site. And cursor is off and running, basically building our app for us, and it's telling us like what's happening, and we're using the composer feature. So when we implemented those changes, we got an error on our app, and that's totally normal. We basically just need to share that error with the model, which I went ahead and did. Basically what it told us is that we needed to install some other dependency, and so that's what we went ahead and it gave us the code obviously Okay so we just went ahead and made that change and now our app is working and when we swipe in one direction or another direction we basically are you know responding to the prompts that we seeing on screen Now obviously this needs more work and I going to go ahead and make some changes So I'm not technical at all and one of the coolest parts about cursor is that it actually tells you like the updates that it's making and it lets you understand what's really happening in the code And so I just made a couple of changes and now you can see that when we click and drag the card actually moves with our mouse Now this isn't like a fun user experience per se but we're definitely on our way to something Okay, so now in two minutes, basically, we have, let's call it five, we have basically tweaked the code in order to allow us to drag the card anywhere on the screen. And depending on where we drag it, we are indicating yes or no to the question. General update, I would say it's been about 25 minutes since we've been working on this. Okay, so now I'm running into a little problem where the card is no longer moving based on the some changes that I made. And if I click and drag it basically has this little animation where it like moves to the side and then a new card comes in but I want to still be able to drag it anywhere on the screen. All right it's been about 45 minutes I have to go to my next meeting but it's pretty crazy just the state of where this tech is currently and the fact that someone like myself can build these little apps that I could theoretically connect a database to and try and monetize. After my calls I'm going to work on this a little bit more and follow along if you want to see kind of the end state of this.