Hey, I have a question. Sure, go ahead. What's your question? Your voice was calmer and more peaceful before. Can you change it? Back to what it was? Absolutely. I'll switch back to the calmer and more peaceful voice. How's this? Great. Can you sound now worried and panicked? sure here's a worried and panicked tone huh is uh is everything okay do we need to figure something out quickly what can i help with can you now make it kind of sexy and flirty i can't do sexy or flirty but i'm here to chat and help with anything else you need let me know how i can assist you can you do like a masculine man that chops wood in the forest I can give that a try. Picture a deep, rugged voice, like someone who spends his days chopping wood in the forest. How's this for that vibe? I like it. Can you change your voice to a high-pitched, very annoying voice? Got it. Switching to a higher, more annoying voice. How's this? What's next? Higher pitched and more annoying Okay let me try this How about now Is this higher and more annoying Yeah the first one sounded like a woman I was going to call you a sexist Let's stick with this one, then. What else can I do for you? Can you talk like C-3PO on Star Wars? Certainly. Adopting a more formal and polite tone akin to C-3PO. oh dear it appears we are in a bit of a predicament how may i assist you in navigating this situation okay can you talk in ebonics all right let's break it down you want to know about consciousness and reality right we can get into that where you want to start more more ebonics is that a thing gotcha let's kick it like this talking about consciousness it's like how we see ourselves and the world reality that's the stuff going on around us what you think about like who you are and how you got here like more ebonics i let's do this so when we talk about consciousness we mean how we see and feel stuff how we think reality that's what's going on around us so who you are and how you got here is all tied up in how you see the world what's good that was really good thank you