Do not use ChatGPT or any other generative AI for the following use cases. So the first one is to do a data analysis. Avoid using ChatGPT to basically help you predict and forecast things from an existing data set. Generative AI is not built for predictive modeling. Avoid using ChatGPT when it comes to analyzing CVs, which includes personal information, and helping you generate performance review reports, which also contains very highly personal information. Both of these are deemed as high risk as part of the EU's AI Act. Basically, avoid using ChatGPT to help you make decisions based on somebody's personal characteristics. Avoid using ChatGPT for tasks which require up-to-date and the latest information. This is because most of what you'll see and what you'll get back as an output from ChatGPT is based on training data, which, you know, is historical data. It has a cutoff point in terms of knowledge. And obviously the caveat here is that you not using the search capability I also add to this avoid using it for any complex problem solving Although we have seen the latest model which is a better reasoning model from ChatGPT, it still isn't, you know, as smart as somebody who's very well experienced within a particular domain. So do not ever use it as a replacement for somebody's expertise. Avoid using it for tasks which require a verifiable source. So for example, if you're writing some sort of academic paper or maybe you're writing an article where you need factual references. Sometimes what can happen is that ChatGPT just cannot find a reference or it can make them up. So always double check where it's getting its information from. In general, you want to avoid using ChatGPT and other generative tools as a standalone solution for anything that requires external nuance, emotional intelligence, subjective judgment, and make sure that you're keeping human in the loop, being, make sure that you're referencing everything and checking up on everything and keeping things factual.