I'm doing this video to prove that I'm the one chatting with you. When Amanda Aguilar saw this video, she was stunned. It looked just like her, but it wasn't her. And I love the video you sent. You look amazing. It was a deepfake, the work of a scammer, someone who had taken a real video Amanda had posted on Instagram. Hello, everyone. Oh, my gosh. And then used artificial intelligence to create a fake video in hopes of catfishing someone. For someone to go out of their way and make a deep fake of me is just like, what? I knew deep fakes were a thing. I just never thought I'd be a victim of them. Amanda went to grad school in D.C. and interned here at News 4, then went on to work in TV news in California. Her friends informed her a few weeks ago someone had made a Facebook page posing as her, using her real Instagram pictures. The scammer then messaged a viewer named John Pulido. John says for several weeks he thought he was talking to the real Amanda. Just be careful. It just sounds too good to be true, to be talking to a celebrity that reaches out to you. John says he got suspicious when the person asked how much money he made. That's when he asked for video proof and got the deep fakes in response. John Kalido, I just finished washing the dishes. And I was like, oh my God, this is her. It was pretty scary because on how good it was, it was so convincing. He also received this fake video. Hello, John Pulido. I just want to let you know that I am disappointed at you for not trusting me. I loved you. It was nice knowing you. Thank you. This was the real video from Amanda's Instagram story. That why I booked that Uber because for some reason it was cheaper than a regular Uber I just think about someone can take my video and put it out in the public and you know say something that maybe I didn't say or do something that I didn't do. And that is scary. Pulido says he messaged a friend who knew the real Amanda. And that's when he learned the whole thing was a scam. We're seeing a 1,400% explosion in the amount of deep fake attacks. Vijay Balasubramanian founded a digital security company called Pindrop. They developed a software that can instantly detect deepfakes by looking for mistakes in the file. For example, when you say, hello, Paul, your mouth is wide open when you say hello, and it shuts down when it says, Paul, there's a certain speed with which you can do that because you're human. Machines don't care about these speeds. He says, unfortunately, there's not really much people can do to prevent their public online content from being stolen. The onus is on the platforms to start providing abilities to detect when something is generated by Amanda and when it is AI generated without her consent. And as for Amanda, I think I am going to be a little more picky about what I share. Now, the AI expert I spoke with says if you ever need to verify someone is who they say they are, ask them to hop on a live video call like a Zoom or FaceTime. Don't just settle for a pre-tape video because those are way easier for scammers to fake, guys. Yeah, but is it possible for them to deep fake you on a live video call too? Yes, it is. Yeah, absolutely. So we saw this happen just earlier this year. This happened at a British manufacturing company. Scammers were able to deep fake a live video call. They were posing as the CFO of this company and they were able to trick one of the employees into wiring them million So a very very costly mistake So if you are trying to determine if the person that you doing a live video call with is real, there are a few things you can do. Be on the lookout for pauses as they're talking because that could indicate that a machine is trying to program those answers. And then also, this is interesting, you can ask the person to wave their hand in front of their face like this, that is typically a lot harder for the AI machines to keep up with. So typically that hand is going to look pretty strange with like five or six fingers or something like that. Ask a question that only that person would know. Some kind of, right? Like an inside joke? Right. Yes. Very good advice. Yeah. Lots to think about. Something to say the AI generated thing is not going to be able to answer whether or not how you broke your foot. Yeah, that's true, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. After this, we're all going to determine our answers. Well, from what I've seen and heard, an AI-generated version of me can also put a foot somewhere out there to put it with six toes. I know, I know. It's crazy because those kind of things are the few things that are tip-offs. Absolutely, yes. And so you're looking for those mistakes. And that's going to come in handy now when we play our game. It's called Guess the Deepfake. We're going to bring Tommy McFly in here to join us on the fun. The old-fashioned talk to the hand is back. It's cool again. I know. It's making a comeback. Tommy's deep, but he's not a fake. All right. All right. So we're going to take a look at these clips. We're going to play them twice for you guys. And then after, you're going to see if you can guess the deepfakes. So let's take a look. Okay. Wow. Amy Cho is the best reporter ever. She sure is my favorite. I Kayla Ferris and I am a news intern for News 4 I just love covering the DC Pandas They the cutest Wow Amy Cho is the best reporter ever She sure is my favorite I Kayla Ferris and I am a news intern for News 4 I just love covering the DC pandas. They're the cutest. Well, is there one deep fake? I'm not going to tell you. That's part of it. There could be multiple. I think there's only one real video. No. Okay. What do you think? What are your thoughts? My first guess was going to be Erica. Is the deep fake? Yeah. Okay. I think Erica, and I think yours is a deep fake, too. Okay. Okay. Tommy, what do you think? I think you are the deep fake. It's me. Because there's no way the real Amy could talk about the pandas so calmly. Without the ears. Without the ears. There's some truth to that. Yes. So, An, you were correct. Erica and myself were the deep fakes. Hey. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. I was paying very close attention a little to the facial expressions when each person is speaking. Yeah. But here's the crazy thing. So I used a software to generate those just solely off a picture. I took a still picture of Erica and myself, and they were able to animate that to make it look like a video. So that just shows how far the technology has come. And even though there were mistakes, it's only getting better each day. Where did they get the voice sample from then? So myself and Erica, we both recorded our voices. we gave consent for this company to use our voices and to clone them. So they took that very seriously. But they can take it from any kind of social media content. If I have an Instagram video, you have an Instagram video, we're using our voice, they can generate a deep fake using just the content we put on. Absolutely. And that's what happened with Amanda. Yeah. Yeah. We're seeing it all the time. Gosh, such a great story and so informative. Yeah. I'm going to be suspicious of you every time I see you in the newsroom now. I'm going to have to do this every time. Exactly. Amy, thank you so much.