Stop paying for 10 different AI tools when you can access all the best large language models in one place. If only somebody had told me about this AI tool before, I would have saved so much money. Bookmark this video and send it to anyone else who wants to save money on AI subscriptions. If you don't want to pay for 10 different AI subscriptions, but you want to keep accessing them all, this one tool gives you access to all of the top models, which includes all of the GPT models, Claw 3.5 Sonnet, even Gemini. That's all under one subscription, by the way. What I really love about this is that not only does it have all the capabilities and features that ChatGPT and Claude have in terms of artifacts, code interpreters, you name it, it has more. It has more features and capabilities than ChatGPT and Claude alone. Let me show you. For example, I can basically go into any website and chat with a website. I can literally upload a YouTube video and talk with it. And then I can even take it a step further and generate mind maps. So as you can see here, it's taking that YouTube video, summarized it and then put it into a mind map. I can even generate documents and it gives me some examples here of templates that I can create such as a report or a literature review. Say for example, I want to generate a report. What it would do is essentially create a document for me that is basically a report of any website or any YouTube video that you're watching that I can actually download as a file. And not only that, it has all of these other capabilities within the chat itself. and not to mention it has a chrome extension as well. What I really love about this is that it's just an all-in-one easy work tool and you even have features that help you with non-ai related things as well. Honestly I think I need to do a full tutorial on this so if you're interested drop a comment below and I can walk you through all of the ins and outs of how to make the most out of this tool. It's called Monika AI and you can access it through my link in the bio.