No, no really. I mean, I think there needs to be legislation in place to protect actors from TV, film, yeah right, TV, film and games. I think you can't be complacent about that. I think what's going to happen is that bad players will USAI, which will stop actors that do world building supporting character actors, they'll get hit by that. But I don't think anybody in their right minds wants a lead supporting actor to be AI. I also don't think that most game companies want to use AI for performance at all. I know a lot of games devs, big AAAs, AA's, Indies. Most of them have zero interest in doing it. But obviously it's a great news article and obviously there does need to be legislation. And it's very unhelpful when some CEOs of certain companies go, oh, AI is a feature of narrative. No, it's not. That's insane. but on top of that it's also not very good and it's a real pain in the ass to get right yeah it's far easier i'm a director so it's far easier to get an actor in a booth and go okay let's do this stuff tell me some ideas let's happy accidents you can't program ai all it does is takes information from all over the world and goes well that's what it kind of feels like to do a performance so we'll kind of do that it's like well that's just an invitation it's not the real into tangible essence of what art is. It's like when people complain about my AI art was stolen. It's like, fuck off. It like you didn make that It wasn yours to begin with That is an amalgamation of thousands of years of human civilization that you have regurgitated through a software program Now, if people want to make AI art, cool, make AI art, but you're a manager of art. You're not the artist. You're a programmer, which is totally fine. But if you really want to make art, make art. Same with artists, same with dancing, same with music, same with all that stuff. You have to make it, otherwise you miss the whole point of art, which is the shared human conscious experience, the storytelling, the observation, the reflection, from humans to humans. And listen, if AI becomes super sentient, we're kind of screwed anyway. But if it's a benign intelligence, hopefully, fingers crossed, and it wants to make AI art for AI, awesome, that makes sense. I just think it's it can help you like doing art on a tablet sure But you have to make it man, you know what I mean? So I don't know whether or not AI will replace this. I feel it probably won't because I think people can still tell the difference And even it becomes very advanced. I still feel that people will know the difference. It's like CGI We had there was a backlash against CGI because it just got too much people wanted to do in-camera again there's a reason for that you know so I don't know man I as a director I find it incredibly boring the idea of it so I hope people don't