One of my followers was invited to an ACO meeting because of use of AI. She booked a session with me to look at her work and advise her how she can defend herself. I did advise her and thank God that after the meeting, they told her that, okay, that's fine. And they can accept that she hasn't used AI. Okay, so I'm going to give you the advice that I gave her. So hopefully if you have been invited to an ACO meeting for plagiarism, for use of AI, it's going to be helpful for you. OK, the first thing that I told her was that admit your weaknesses, admit to them and tell them that I think I've made some mistakes in terms of referencing. Referencing has always been my weaknesses and I think I need to improve it. okay this way they are going to be encouraged to just send you to a training regarding referencing without convicting you of use of AI okay so as soon as you go to the meeting admit that you have made some mistakes with the referencing and admit that you're not good and you don't understand how you're supposed to do in-text citation and bibliography very well The same thing that I told her and I advised her was that tell them that I have used AI, yes, but I only used AI to create a structure for me and also to tell me what readings to go and find out. So then I told her go and write on ChatGPT ChatGPT can you give me a structure for this specific assignment And then when ChatGPT is giving you the answer take a screenshot of what you did, exactly these things, and then show it to them as an evidence. Okay, so she did that. Another thing, I told her, write to ChatGPT. chat gpt can you give me some references in in relation to your specific topic and then when chat gpt is giving you the answer take a screenshot of that okay because the good thing is that on chat gpt there's no date and there are no time written so you can show that okay i did i did this at the time of my exam or two weeks ago when i was working on my assignment okay so she did that as well, she took the screenshot of what she has written on Chad GPT and she took a screenshot of what Chad GPT has told her. And then she showed that as an evidence. And by showing that, by being prepared, by going to the ACO meeting prepared, she was actually, they accepted her that she haven't done any kind of plagiarism in terms of AI. And it has just been, and in the email, they actually told her that we accept that you have had some issues with referencing and you need some training okay so that's a perfect scenario that you want from the aco meeting okay so you need to go to your aco meeting prepared with some evidence and if you provide this kind of evidence hopefully you can get away with what you've done okay everyone good luck and i hope this was helpful for you bye