I recently got done grading my business law final exams and it's alarming to me how many of my students use ChatGPT to write their final exams, even when I say that generative AI is not allowed on the final exams. A student who has shown no interest or competence in the material all semester all of a sudden has an intimate understanding of counters to the poison pill. Yeah, I know better than that. I do essay exams, so I can always tell immediately, and I don't even penalize them for it, even though it's against the rules. They won't make it. Long-form thinking is basically dead at this point. I remember taking essay exams with a blue book and a pencil, and I would just sit there and think, even though it was a timed exam. I'd run these war games, these different scenarios in my head, and think for a long time, four to five levels deep before I ever put pen to paper. Long-form thinking is mostly dead, but the answers are often available to you if you just give them time and stop using a crutch. The best answers almost never come immediately. They come with deep thought. This chat GPT generation can spit out prefabricated muck from chat GPT but they lost the art of really wrestling with a problem and really developing their deep thinking skills The answer that they give might sound good on the surface but it not really theirs and there some sadness to that And this creates a deep need for approval in everything. Oh, I better go run and check chat GPT before I give my opinion or an answer on something to make sure I'm right, as if chat GPT is the god that they need approval from for everything. There's very little originality anymore. There's very little original thought. It all has to be filtered through generative AI. And I'm all for AI use, by the way. I just think we need to take care with how early we use it and how often we use it because I think it can stint good thinking and deep thinking patterns that ultimately would have developed if you would have had to wrestle with a problem. And I know you might be thinking just design your exam better and none of this would be a problem. Well, I purposefully designed the exam so my students could use any resource outside of generative AI. I thought that was more real world. My exams are very difficult, so I'm okay with students doing some research online or even asking people outside the class for help or clarification, but I wanted to draw the line at AI because I do think it stifles thinking and especially deep thinking. I think AI is great and it can help us solve a lot of problems or at least point us in the right direction, but I think use too early and often can really stifle human growth and development.