How to pass all of your classes using chat GBT. My name is Tiffany and I have made it on the Dean's List for three terms in a row. So I think I know a little something something. So let me put y'all on game because people are not utilizing this website correctly. But I'm sure y'all. So you're going to do two things. Number one, if you're having a hard time understanding what exactly is being taught to you, like it's just not clicking for you, what you're going to do is whatever your teacher uses for the lecture, whether it's a word document or a powerpoint you are going to upload that whole lecture onto chat gbt using the little paperclip symbol and you're going to upload the whole lecture and you're going to put explain this powerpoint or explain this lecture into simple terms so that i can understand that is when the magic starts to happen so number two so if you have an exam coming up and you want a study guide created for you it can do all that for you too so you're going to do the same thing with uploading your lecture and you're just going to put use this lecture and create a simple to read study guide for me. Now me personally I use ChatGPT to break down every single word. So this is my lecture and I do not move on to the next PowerPoint until I thoroughly understand the first one that I reading So for example this PowerPoint slide is about acidosis and shock So I will put into chat GBT explain acidosis and shock in simple terms, and it'll just start breaking it down. And I would just write whatever they told me to write into simple terms right here so I can read the lecture and then read my notes and it starts to click. And yes, it does take me a while because I'll be stuck on one PowerPoint for about 30 minutes but when it's time to take my exam baby like Dean's List like what are you talking about and for my nursing students especially ChatGBT is going to be your best friend and Quizlet but ChatGBT I'm telling you it'll simplify things so good and just it'll all start coming and then you know once you take your exam you'll feel more confident because it's just like oh yeah I remember and you know and then boom you're a doctor so use those two methods I just gave y'all for y'all next exam and I want y'all to come back to this video comment and let me know how y'all did and if I'm a liar call me a liar but I think your girl knows a little something all right so