This is why you need to be very careful of what you post online because a malicious hacker might be sitting down somewhere and be collecting information from your social media. These two AI tools I'm about to show you can track the exact location an image was taken. And when I say an exact location, I mean with coordinates. Now let me show you. Alright, so first of all, we go to Google and search for Picata. There we have it. Picata, you open the first link. Right, so this image was taken in Cross River Nigeria. Let's see what Picata can tell us. Click upload a photo, then go and select your photo. Then you click on specific location. When it opens, you click on search location and you allow it to do its thing. Analyzing image. So it actually says, I think the image was taken in one of these locations. It has a Taiwan China with 94.19% confidence. It says United States, Taiwan, United States, United States, United Kingdom, New Zealand, Taiwan, China, blah, blah, blah. because you guys need to do better. This is wrong. All right let go to the other AI tool Let search for Joe spy That AI try Joe spy and we can come up here and click on new search upload to your photo and it searching there we go so joespai can detect the country this photo was taken even though it cannot detect the exact location but that's a good one they've tried their best it says the picture was taken in lagos nigeria it also says the vegetarian boats and body of water in the background appear to be from lagos nigeria okay let's try a different photo so this was taken in blackpool united kingdom so when i tried this on ticata it got the exact location i'm confident that the image was taken in blackpool united kingdom gps location around 53.8 3.0 and 94.49 confidence wow when i take the same picture and go to joe spy let's see what joe spy can tell house boom there you have it blackpool tower the image shows a person standing in front of the blackpool tower a famous landmark in blackpool england the building behind the person is the blackpool tower building can you imagine it shows the exact location and it also describes any future that is on the background