How do I know if a student has plagiarized or used AI on a paper? Although AI is a great tool for certain things, and it's becoming a big part of all of our lives, it shouldn't be writing your papers for you in high school or in college. You should be writing your own papers. Unfortunately, like, I'm an English teacher, and that's how I see it. If you don't agree, that's okay. There's three things that I do in my class, and obviously, I won't catch everybody, but I do my best to make sure that my students are being honest and following our school policies, which would be to not cheat. Really, the biggest red flag to me is when they are using vocabulary that I know they don't know. They are using words I have never heard high schoolers use before. When a student who I know doesn't even know the difference between the three theirs is all of a sudden using words like archaic or incongruous in their writing So I usually just ask them what does this mean And they they can tell me And if they can tell me then I know they didn write that paper Another big red flag is when I check their version history in Google Docs, like, I require all my students to write their papers in Google Docs. And if they don't, it's going to look like they cheated. I can see if all of a sudden they copied and pasted an entire essay into the doc. Like, we can see that. Well, if you are a student and your teacher asks you to write a paper in Google Docs or something like that, make sure you do that. You don't want to set yourself up to make it like look like you're doing anything bad when you're not. I have them do a lot of writing on paper, especially at the beginning of the semester. So if I do think that a student is using AI or plagiarizing, I will compare their writing to their handwritten writing because I know their handwritten writing is their actual writing. Just don't cheat. Do your own work. Your teachers want to see what you can actually do because otherwise we won't be able to help you.