All right. I just want to offer some tips for those of you who are coding using cursor and right. So I just just a level set. This is the chat window and then there's a composer window. So, you know, in the chat window, this just operates like any chat window when you're using a chat bot. And so you can select your model and just have a conversation. So I usually use the chat window in order to really just learn about my code base. Right. I ask questions about the code base. And then, of course, in composer, this is where, you know, you can go in a genetic mode or non-agent mode and it'll make updates for you automatically. But if you've used cursor, you know, two things happen with just this context window here that exists. And so when your composer window gets too long, you know that the model starts to deteriorate and it makes updates and changes that are wrong, right? It's just one of the most frustrating things about cursor is when it makes changes to code that you didn't ask it to do. And so the second piece is when the context window gets too long and you have to start a new window. Right. And so now when you start a new window, it loses all of the previous context that you were using. And then it it it goes haywire sometime. And so what I've been able to do is create like as I go, I create dev docs. And so an example over here is just like I have some functions that are being created. These are edge functions that I using This is in Superbase in case you were curious like I started in lovable And then I in cursor now because I think cursor also works better if you start with code and building you know code from scratch But anyway like with the functions the model gets very confused when we go from like local environment to staging environments, just going back and forth when I was working on something. And so I created dev docs for the functions. And so oftentimes when I create a new composer window, it automatically goes in and searches like the dev docs related to the functions and it can pick up where it needs to go equally right like i created a for super base i also created like dev docs for like the super base how my super base is set up how the database schema is set up and so oftentimes when i'm starting a new composer window i reference the dev docs to say hey let's get set up these this is the most um recent configuration that has worked let's begin here and so when you start to go through these cycles of just i don't know what to call it the cycle of no return when it just keeps going through and it's confused and it keeps on just making the same updates over and over and over oftentimes when you create a new window and you give it the last configuration that worked and you start over and refresh then this is something that can restart And so I hope that if you have any other, you know, hacks or anything, you know, let me know. But this is one of the things that has been drastically helping my outputs in Cursor.