So if you're like me and think you have ADHD, let me share with you my number one favorite tip that has completely changed how I use AI. Honestly, it's probably changed my life. I'm sharing 30 days of AI tips to help you get your life together. I'm feeling super overwhelmed. My favorite feature in ChatGPT, which is now available in Claude, is transcription. It's a little mic in the lower right corner. I'll be laying in bed or making coffee and I'll literally just like turn it on and just yap for five minutes about my meetings, my deadlines, whatever's like stressing me out today. Then basically chat just like takes it all and helps me structure my day, figure out like what I need to get done before my meeting at 2 30. You can even ask it to kind of emulate Tony Robbins or Brene Brown if you want to feel like extra motivated. I had mentioned this briefly in my first video and literally got this text message from my friend. Now it's also useful for non-personal things. A friend basically has been avoiding taxes for like two years but this is another thing you can kind of just like open up transcription and just describe the entire situation. What's great is that ChachiBT doesn't judge. It's also so much better than voice mode. I really don't like voice mode. It always keeps interrupting. It's just like not natural and ChachiBT will just sort of like organize and propose a path for you again with like no judgment and hopefully it'll just make you feel less overwhelmed and figure out like how to just get started on something so yeah basically if you're feeling stuck overwhelmed just need to figure something out it's so much easier to just turn on transcription not to have to type it out and just like start yapping i don't like typing anymore it just feels like a waste of time hopefully this tip is super helpful for you it's been a huge game changer for me i'm going to be sharing 30 days of ai tips to hopefully make your life easier so if you want to learn more hit follow to follow