So pretty big news coming out of the U.S. Copyright Office regarding AI today. They have ruled that using AI tools in human-generated work does not violate copyright. That means that work can be copyrighted. So this is going to open the floodgates for a lot of people that have been holding back for a while or those people who have said, don't use AI because you can't profit off of it because once you use AI, it can't be copyrighted and other people will own it. You can't make any money off of it. now the U.S. Copywriting Office is saying, yes, you can use AI tools, which is not that crazy because Photoshop, a tool that many people have used or other tools that have been used to make videos or photos forever, has been allowed because the real key here is the human creativity. Something we've talked about on the show is the idea that there are AI artists out there who are making transformative work that get crapped on all the time because they're using AI tools to do Well now the US Copyright Office is actually saying that this is allowed and that the human result is the more important one There was a pretty big story a year year and a half ago about a single output from an AI not really human generated at all that wasn copyrightable So there's two different things going on here. The biggest thing to know is that if you are a human using AI tools, you can now make your work profitable. You can create things. And this is going to kind of transform Hollywood, I think. You're going to probably see AI tools be integrated into pipelines in a major way. and we knew something like this was going to come but it is a big transformative moment because now it's a little bit of a green light versus what we had before i know there's going to be a lot of people in my comments here who are against ai and under i understand your feelings these models were trained in a weird way originally definitely they took a lot of work from other people without any sort of paying back i'll say one thing this is the way the world is going and i really do believe people need to try these tools out and just see if they can help their workflow. You don't have to. Make organic films, make organic photos, take pictures, do all that stuff. But technology has always progressed in different ways around the creative space. And I think that's what we're going to see over the next three to five years.