As if this week wasn't annoying enough, yesterday someone published two albums of AI-generated music under my name. So I don't like talking about social issues on TikTok. I don't really feel comfortable with it because I feel like I can't communicate the nuance that exists in most situations very well on this kind of platform, and I don't want to deal with the backlash of people who see things in a less nuanced way, if that makes sense. I'm making an exception for this because this was an invasion of my space. Now, I'm not a huge fan of it, but I do think, again, that there is some nuance to generative AI. And for all I know, this person was not intentionally trying to capitalize off of the name of an already established artist. If they were, I think it'd be pretty hard to argue that this is not immoral. Now, if you wanted to generate a song for your friend's birthday because it's easier than doing it yourself or hiring a songwriter, I don't think that it'll mean very much because there's no like intent or passion behind it, but you know It not the worst thing you could do That being said I believe that in general AI music has a wholly negative impact on the music industry And I think I have good reason to believe that The more this stuff gets made the more you're going to have to trudge through to find something you actually care about. So it doesn't just hurt the people who make music. It also hurts the people who love it. So if you see these in YouTube, Night in Rhythm, or Moments in Le Couve, it's supposed to be love, but what is that? If you see them, I'm going to have to encourage you to skip because I just can't condone this kind of music on my platform. And you know what? While we're here, here are some of the artists that have created album art for me. I will, in the future, be continuing to hire real people who actually have to work to make stuff, because art is not about ease. It's about passion. That's the whole point. Okay, I'll get off my soapbox now. I am gonna try and have these removed. For a while, I was trying to keep my personal YouTube channel and my official artist YouTube channel separate, but this was the last straw. So I sent in a request to claim my official artist channel so I can tell YouTube that these aren't mine. And if you're wondering about the passing through copyright situation, I've been told that I should be able to resolve it by next week. So hopefully that goes well. Yeah. See you guys later.