Here's how I try to balance my AI use with my carbon footprint. If you're not aware using AI tools, using AI in general comes with a non-trivial carbon footprint. I tend to approach this in three ways. One is that I leverage pretty detailed prompts for very repetitive tasks. Every time you hit enter, when it comes to using chat UBT, that contributes to your carbon footprint. But it turns out that the amount of energy that you use for like a super long, you know, you throw a bunch of text into one submission versus asking it one very quick thing. Isn't that different? And so when I can, I try to use pretty detailed and complex prompts such that I only need to go back and forth with, I use Cloud, not ChatGPT, but everyone talks about ChatGPT. Instead of having to go back and forth, you know, 10 plus times to get at the thing that you actually want, it also just saves time because it means that I'm not doing as much back and forth work. Second is I I try not to use it for things that don't work. I've talked here about how I use Notion a lot. Notion has a bunch of AI tools. I find the summaries to be particularly helpful, especially when it comes to databases. I created a AI reference database for AI tools, which you can get in the link in my bio. And I use the summarization features to basically create a lot of detailed notes about these things and then summarize different aspects of how the tool works who it might be good for potential pros and cons things like that At the same time they do have a search tool that lets you search your entire Notion workspace or specific pages. I have not historically found it to be super helpful for me. And then third is that I really don't generate video. Generative video comes with a much larger carbon footprint than using chatty, which you want, or creating an image. I think it's ever really necessary for any kind of work. And I see no reason to add to my carbon footprint for something that's just completely unnecessary in my life. Obviously, this is not a perfect system. I still use AI a lot. It's kind of my job. I am Jordan. I help you figure out AI so you can decide whether or not it's worth your time. I'm a PhD candidate and an AI consultant, and I also make content. And it is something that I try to be really, really conscious of. It's something that when I work with people, they're often coming to me because they want to be more conscious of it, even if they're dealing with burnout, or they want to see how to use it to be more productive, or they just want to divest from using it entirely. So I'd love to hear how you might be thinking of your AI use in relation to your carbon footprint, particularly if you're someone who either is kind of wrangling with that balance as someone who is interested in using AI and finds it useful, but also as anyone who's like divesting from it completely. Let me know in the comments.