How to know if you're getting scammed by your favorite creator via deepfake. I'm going to show you a video that a follower just sent me. They had received this video from an account that they thought was me. And then I'm going to show you how they made the video, tell you how it makes me feel, and share with you my thoughts on this whole situation as somebody who actually works in AI. Hello, Mr. Thomas. I know you're a skeptical dude to the fact that you've already fallen victim to a case like this before. But trust me, sir, I've matured enough to know that when it comes to business, You must be transparent with your partner in order to achieve the good business relationship. Let's talk about how they made this video. They might have used an app like Captions. I have nothing nice to say about this. Basically, you can upload a video. Doesn't have to be you. You can create an AI twin, do this absolute joke of an authentication to say it's really you, I surely promise. Some lowlife scammer clearly just used this video on my TikTok, which is publicly available, claimed they were me, and made this video. Now you may have watched this video and thought to yourself, this is clearly AI and not real. And if that's your response, then I would say you're missing the point. This is the worst that this will ever look. And sure, some of us maybe can look at this video and see that it's made by AI today. But I bet every dollar to my name that within the next two years, we will have a video engine that can produce absolutely indistinguishable deepfakes. It is not a question of if, it's a question of when. I'm worried about people making deepfakes of Donald Trump or Vladimir Putin, sure. But I'm just as worried, if not more so, about people who are going to make deepfakes of your favorite creator, your mom, your kid. This is what I'm talking about when I say that technology conversations belong in the social sciences and belong in the public. We need to be talking about legislation, about policies, about infrastructure, about education on how to handle these cases. If you are not a technologist, your voice is needed in technology. Now more than ever.