Okay, so after these new updates to AI, school just might be cooked. So much to the disappointment of all the teachers around the world, it does look like ChatGPT is here to stay. It's pretty well known now and up to 80% of students in a class are using it regularly. And this is only probably going to grow. Even if it's blocked on school Wi-Fi, students can just easily get around this by using it at home or using a VPN or just using their mobile data at school. So this is pretty much just ruined all online assessments and tests as students can just copy the questions, put them onto ChatGPT and ask them to solve the issue and then use that answer as their own response. So now you may be wondering, well, how have teachers responded to this? Well, they've started using it too. Yeah, in a twist that everyone saw coming, Stitches are now using AI to create tasks for their students instead of just creating the tasks themselves or using the previously effective resources. In some cases, they're even getting AI to mark the tests for them And this is becoming allowed in more and more schools as long as they check the responses afterwards Now I not saying that AI is going to outright get rid of old teachers and their jobs but if the teachers are relying on AI to create tasks for their students and then the students are relying on AI to fill out these tasks and respond to them and then the teachers are relying on AI again to mark these responses and is there any actual learning going on or is it all just machine responses? Look how I see there's really only two options with the first one being to just get rid of technology and homework. Just print out pages for students to respond to or get students to do it in their modules. Just getting a student away from technology so they can't rely on that for their learning or the second option is to try and work with AI and try and integrate it into classes but then you'll never actually know how much a student is actually learning or if it's just an AI response that's my thoughts on AI being integrated into schools nowadays but what do you guys think is the AI issue kind of overblown and not that big of a deal or are schools actually kind of cooked because of AI