Artificial intelligence is going to displace 99% of all the jobs you're getting degrees for. Most of the reasons why you're in school, your jobs will not exist. We're going to have to retrain the entire country to use AI and to find other jobs. And writing emails, Grok can do that. ChatGPT can do that pretty well. That didn't work so well for me. I don't think that would work well for me if I decided that one day I wanted to use ChatGPT on one of my AP comparative government essays or something. It actually works for a lot of people in this audience. I mean, you'd be surprised. Right, guys? I'm not even endorsing it. I'm saying college has become a scam where it's like who can use AI the quickest and the best. And, like, you're not actually learning the way you used to. And, by the way, the point also is that when you graduate, the jobs will not exist because they're going to have artificial intelligence doing these jobs for you. I would argue that they aren't going to have artificial intelligence and that that's actually kind of a threat. It already exists. I'm not trying to like big time you but like millions of people are gonna lose their jobs in the next year So heart surgeons are gonna lose their jobs Yeah, 100% That not you can laugh Do you know that so for example in healthcare There an entire profession of cardiologists for example that read heart scans They going completely out of it AI does it quicker and more accurately and they do it in seconds It's facts, right? In fact, people are detecting heart arrhythmias, cardiac blockages, you know, places they need to have stents in seconds, where otherwise it would take weeks to get a cardiologist to look at it. Where's your evidence for this? I mean, look, man, it's pretty self-aware. Where's my evidence? Yeah. I mean, anyone around you will tell you it's true. I mean, you could just look it up on any multitude of examples. What about a credible example? Type into any search engine of your choice, okay? AI detects tumor quicker than, you know, human. And you will see that all across the country they're using AI, and they literally have no use anymore for people to read scans. They double-check the work sometimes, but like a 99% veracity it works. Finally, you know, other paralegals. Paralegals are like a thing of the past. Paralegals used to be people that would write up briefs. ChatGPT can read a 3,000-page legal brief in 30 seconds and summarize it more crisply and better in better language than a human being can. I'm pretty sure that's not all paralegals do, though. Paralegals basically read and write, and ChatGPT does that better than a human being and quicker and more accurately.