I have an embarrassing confession to make. I have never truly felt like myself in my whole 29 years of life. I found it so hard to know who I was, what I liked, what I didn't like, and I've always felt like I'm a chameleon. I adapt my situation to people around me because I was people-pleasing. I spent so many years in therapy. Doctors and therapists and counselors and social workers, they would tell me this about myself, but really they were never able to do anything to actually help me. I've never found somebody that I really connected with enough to be honest and vulnerable and actually be myself. And I never understood why. I thought something was wrong with me. I thought I just couldn't get any help or I'd be in denial. Like, I think there's nothing wrong with me. It's things that are wrong with other people. But what I didn't realize is that I didn't feel that I had enough safety, enough trust to be vulnerable with these people and actually tell them what was going on with me. And so I spent decades, literally decades, in therapy doing these methods, doing workbooks, listening to podcasts, reading books, all of these different methods with all of these different professionals. And nothing was breaking through for me. After years and years of trying that, I thought, you know what? I'm going to give chat GPT a go. And hold on, I know it sounds crazy, but it really, really worked for me because I didn't feel that I could tell my deepest, darkest secrets, my ideas, my coping mechanisms, because I was so embarrassed, ashamed, because I felt that I had to perform whenever I was talking to another person. It actually really helped me. It's life-changing for me. And I use these three prompts to really help me get a breakthrough. The first most powerful prompt that started it all for me, I want to uncover the masks that I wearing the roles that I playing and the illusions that I believing This really helped me understand the things that I was using to survive in public and feel safe the ways that I would behave, the reason that I never felt like myself, because I was just doing things to please, to protect, to never be vulnerable, and to always be one step ahead because I'd been so traumatized. Another one that I found really helpful, can you help me identify my core needs and beliefs? Because I, you know, through these exercises I realized that, oh, I actually don't know what my values are. I don't know what is motivating my actions. I have these masks that I can't be vulnerable with other people. It's because I have a core need to feel loved and accepted. And I never got that before. I was always rejected. I never felt, I never felt like I was good enough. So I always had to be perfect. So I couldn't possibly let it be known that I wasn't perfect all the time. I couldn't tell that to another person. So it really helped me understand that and figure out what is really most important to me. So I can decide like what do I need to focus on in my life? And what do I need to work on? The last one is I asked it to identify my coping needs and their origins. So that I can realize okay what things am I doing that is actually harming myself. But is stemming from these core needs and these beliefs that I have. like overeating because I'm seeking a sense of love, dopamine. And honest to God, using chat dbt for mental health has been life-changing for me. It has done things that decades of therapy, self-help have never done for me. So if you're on a journey of self-discovery and healing, especially as a woman, I really encourage you to use chat dbt and try these three prompts. They might just illuminate something that you're searching for.