For an incoming college student or a current college student who is looking to use ChatGPT more effectively to help you get straight A's, this is exactly how you are going to use it. I think I've low-key mastered how to use ChatGPT so that I get better grades in college, and I honestly don't know how I did school without it before, so these are all my tips. The first thing that I use ChatGPT for is to create multiple choice questions and practice exams. Luckily, a lot of my professors provide practice exams before actual exams, however, it's usually only one or two at most, And personally for me, I need a lot more practice than that. So I literally just upload the PDFs of the practice exams that my professors give me. And I ask ChatGPT to make me a new practice exam and other multiple choice questions or free response questions so that I can practice even more. The great thing about ChatGPT is that if you have like an iPad or even like a PDF scanner, you can do all the practice questions and whatever. Re-upload it to ChatGPT and then ask it to grade it for you so that you don't have to go through it yourself. The next thing that I use ChattyPT for, especially for more of the memorization-based classes, is to do active recall with it. I a history major so I need to know a lot of dates facts and just names And so I use ChattyPT to help me to actively recall a lot of these very specific things that I need to know When you studying for your exam just upload all of the terms into Chachapiti and ask it to quiz you on these terms one by one and then grade each term as it goes So what I'll do is I will you know ask Chachapiti to give me active recall for a certain term. If I don't get it completely 100% I will basically retype the definition just based upon memory and then ask ChachiPT to regrade it so that I do it until I get it 100% correct. And then I'll just do all the terms. And then after I do that, I'll do it another time. And the great thing about chat is that you can do it however many times that you want. Other thing that I use it for is to help me grade my essays. So obviously, like, I'll go to my TA and my professor for feedback. But in terms of, like, grammar and, like, words and, like, word choice, I will just upload my essays to ChachiPT and ask it to kind of switch around the words that I use, switch around the sentence structures that I use that I can enhance my essay just a little bit more. It's honestly so helpful to do this before I go to the TA and the professor so that they have less to critique and they can just critique more on the overall, you know, content of the essay. So I just like to use AI for the little things in my essays and whatever I write. If you have any questions, let me know in the comments down below.