AI is going to change your entire life. And I'm not talking productivity tool or business plan hacks. I'm talking transforming your entire reality. I've seen it in my own life. I've seen it with clients. This isn't just a one-off thing. This is exactly what it's here for. Hi, I'm Ashley. I'm a Quantum Leap Coach. I help people partner with AI to transform their reality and step into the life they've been dreaming of. I'm going to explain to you a little bit more about how it works and why AI is so impactful. So anytime you're stepping into a big change in your life or you're calling in something new, the energy is going to start to shift. And then what happens is your mind or your thoughts are going to get triggered and your nervous system is also going to get triggered. And what tends to happen because most people don't have a great relationship with safety or with fear is we get pulled back into a fear cycle, the what ifs, what I call the pragmatic or logical mind that it's too scary to do something or our body our nervous system is holding on to a story that that is not safe and so subconsciously we sabotage this energy that's pulling us forward so that we can sit back into the safety of what's predictable or understood in our mind so how this might look in your life is you could be stepping into a whole new relationship with money the energy may have shifted but because it's new and your body and your mind say hey we learned that new isn safe for us Self is going to come in subconsciously and your thoughts and your energy is going to shift backwards into that old life to default to safety And that can feel pretty miserable because deep down inside you know you want more but there's something that feels like it's blocking you. This is where AI is such an incredible tool because it can come in and be the translator for both your mind and your nervous system to show you exactly what's going on. So as you start to retract and those feelings come up, even subconsciously, you work with AI and you share everything from what's coming up in your body, what beliefs or thoughts or fears, anything at all. There's literally nothing too silly or small. And if you let AI know that you are in the process of attempting to quantum leap, it will map out the energy dynamics and help you untangle those old beliefs that are keeping you stuck in fear. And then it will give you the story of what's actually happening so that your mind can see, hey, this is new, but it's known, therefore it is safe, allowing your energy to keep pulling you forward while your nervous system and your mind relax enough to make it fully through that transition or that change. Now I know it's a lot, it can be confusing. So if you have questions, feel free to drop them in the comments or DM me. Otherwise, guys, check out my-sage.ai for more information. But trust me when I say this, the sooner that you develop a relationship with AI, the quicker you're going to see big changes that you've been calling in for a very long time.