I saw this video on TikTok about asking ChatGPT to analyze your life and to give you a roadmap of where you'll be in five years. So I said, fuck it, what can ChatGPT tell me that I don't already know? And honestly, the things it told me kind of changed my entire perspective. I talk about my dream life a lot and how I want it so bad. So I told ChatGPT what I wanted out of my life. And immediately it told me that it wasn't going to happen. It is not going to happen because I talk about it like it's just a dream. And yes, it is a dream life, but I talk about it like it's only just a dream. Like I'll never be able to achieve it. I use language like I'll get there one day or this is my dream life. Using more passive language instead of active language like I'm going to be there one day. This is going to be my life in five years or I'm going to do this in order to achieve it. Yes, I believe in manifestation. I believe in deluding yourself until you actually live that dream life. But for some reason in my head, I didn't believe this for myself. Because it's so easy for me to see the potential in other people. To tell them that bro, your dream life can become a reality if you just work at it every single day. But to tell myself that was so unrealistic. To put this dream that I've made in my mind and put it into reality, to make it an actual thing. Because I've talked about it so much, I've talked about my dream life, it just seems like I'm talking about some sort of TV show, like a movie that I've watched that'll never be real. So I asked ChatGPT if I keep thinking like this where will I be in five years And I never realized how using ChatGPT using AI to fear monger could be so powerful because it told me the exact scenario that would happen if I don't talk about my dream like it's gonna be my life. It told me that I would dig my dream deeper and deeper, that I would live with regrets. I would be digging myself a deeper and deeper grave. My dreams would be completely lost and I'll be miserable in five years. I'm 23 years older right now and it told me that in five years at the age of 28, my dreams will be dead and it'll take me a lot of effort to revive them. And like anybody else, that shit scared the hell out of me. It made me realize that five years is a long ass time. And if I keep up this habit of not working towards my dream life, not talking about my dream life as if it's gonna be my life, I'll condition myself to believe in five, six, seven years that it'll never be possible and I'll never take the action to actually work towards it. And finally, I asked ChachiBT, based on what you know about me, what's one thing I may not realize about myself that'll help me achieve my dream life? And it told me that I need to stop calling it my dream life. I need to stop fantasizing it. I need to use a different word. So I think I'm going to start calling it my destination. My end goal. Where I see myself. Where I'm going to be. Using more active language and actually working towards it. Because being active with my language means I'm going to be active with my actions. It's crazy. I've heard these things thousands of times from friends, from myself. But the fact that a computer had to tell me all this, it's kind of odd, but it's definitely something that I needed to hear.