jobless society. When AI automates every single human job, be it cognitive, creative, or physical, and everyone is unemployed, two possible scenarios might happen. In scenario number one, a basic universal income is given, where people get compensated for existing, but this will increase the reliability of each person to the government, reducing, if not completely removing, personal freedom. It's also debated that a super intelligent AI in the hands of the state will increase the chances of that government becoming authoritative, making this a bad combo. In scenario number two, a sort of Darwinian natural selection happens, where no basic universal income is given, and 90% of the human population is not needed nor fit for survival anymore. If this second scenario becomes reality, two other possibilities arise based on how the 90% will respond. In the first possible response, the people try to protest and fight for their right to live, but the ones in control of the super-intelligent AI easily eliminate them and survive until they eliminate each other or the AI eliminates them. In the second possible response, the people managed to get a hold of the super-intelligent AI and use it to their advantage, fighting with the 1% in a war between super-intelligent AIs, which will obviously cause human extinction. The only possibly good outcome would be if the 1% gave in to the request of the people, giving everyone a basic universal income, and thus going back to scenario 1, where freedom is less probable. Without looking too much into the future, we can predict that the government will lag behind when the first chunks of jobs become automated, as it's happening right now at a small scale with voiceover artists and programmers. This lag will cause many people to live in under optimal conditions until new policies are implemented. Even though the overall wealth for humanity will probably increase, entrepreneurs will be hit with this problem too, as a super intelligent AI will be able to create perfect products and services, obtain competitive advantages, and overall be an unsurpassable competitor.