When are companies going to learn that we don't want to talk to AI chatbots? I'm going to be moving in the next couple of months, which means I've been contacting loads of estate agents to try and get information about potential properties. And having a cat means that it's more difficult because a lot of places don't accept pets. So I've been contacting places off of Rightmove to find out if the property allows pets before moving forward because there's no point in going any further if they don't. I contacted one place this morning and then I got a WhatsApp message a few hours later from somewhere that looked like the estate agent. but upon reading their bio it said that they only joined whatsapp a month ago which was already giving sketch vibes to me and then i find out during the conversation that it was actually an ai bot and i wasn't talking to a real person after all the ai bot was asking me for personal information that i'd already submitted via the form through rightmove so there's no reason to ask for it again and when i said that i didn't feel comfortable giving personal information via a random whatsapp chat i asked if i could go into their office and they said no the reason that it gave me was that this chat was going to be more efficient and was going to allow them to pair me with the best agent. How on earth is this more efficient? All I wanted to know was does this property accept pets? But instead I ended up wasting my time in a pointless conversation with a computer when they were asking me for information that I'd already provided and wouldn't answer my question. They also sent a link to the property on Rightmove that took me to a dead page. So who knows if it even was the estate agent in the first place. But if you work in customer service and you're thinking of implementing an AI chat bot to deal with customers, don't. No one wants it. It is inefficient. It's a waste of money. It's a waste of time. We just want to talk to a person. And I never say that I want to talk to a person. I would rather never speak to another human again and be able to find out all the information I can through just searching for things. But when the information isn't given to me, I just want a simple answer to a simple question. An AI bot is not going to do that.