In breaking AI news, the Trump administration just fired the head of the U.S. Copyright Office just one day after they'd released part three of their report on AI and copyright laws. Shira Perlmutter is now the second major removal from the Copyright Office within just the last few days, but here's what's important for you to know. Firstly, it's super suspicious that on Friday when this came out, it was titled as a pre-publication version. That kind of language tells you that the Copyright Office probably knew something was coming and rushed to get it out there before it was too late. And one of the more surprising things about this report is when you actually read it, it's incredibly measured. It didn't call for any sweeping restrictions or demand any new laws or really any government involvement. Yes, they raised concerns about these AI companies scraping copyrighted material without permission or payment, but the tone was basically just like, hey, this is all really complicated and we should probably just be paying close attention to it. Like, that's it. Clearly this pissed off Elon Musk, who's one of Trump's several AI advisors who has openly pushed to erase copyright altogether. And this firing, I think, shows how much influence that people like Elon Musk have, even from outside the building. It's also worth noting that this breaks precedent because the US Copyright Office reports to Congress not the President So let be clear about what this is because this isn some bureaucratic reshuffling This is about clearing the way We are in an AI arms race with China and with the rest of the world and the people who are running this playbook believe that the only way to win is to move fast, to break rules, and to treat copyright as expendable in the name of winning this arms race, even though we don't know what that finish line necessarily looks like. At least with the space race, there was like a clear finish line, right? I think about this all the time. Like when we were racing to the moon, that was the finish line. That was the goal. Like first one to the moon wins. But with the AI arms race, it's like, what are we racing towards? How are we ever going to know who is ahead of who? Who's winning what if we don't know what that endpoint looks like? This has serious implications to the industry I work in in Hollywood. Because if you think about it, if copyright is optional, then what does Hollywood have left to leverage? Its whole thing is that it has a bunch of IP that it spent a lot of money on. That is the power. The IP is the power. It's like, what do studios or platforms have left to negotiate with if the one thing that they actually own isn't even protected by law anymore. But basically, if Congress doesn't step in like right now, and I mean like fast because these dominoes are falling, then copyright is just going to become another non-protected asset and it's going to become a suggestion. Good luck telling Disney that is all I have to say.