Have y'all heard that bots are signing up and taking online college and university classes? So why is AI ruining higher education? My name is Kim. I work in marketing. If you like this kind of content, hit all of these buttons and follow me here for more. You definitely want to hit save. I'm going to cover a lot of things. So I have a podcast. I'm a content creator and I work in product marketing in corporate America and I am a heavy AI user, but I use AI a little different than I think other people do. I make AI my bitch. I whip and mold and blend anything that I have to do that's like writing or presentation into what I want it to be. And the only way that I can do because I have the expertise to be able to do it. Now kids in school, it's different. They don't have squad for expertise. Now in her video specifically, she mentions that there are fake students, like they're bots, AI bots, and they are actually getting grants. And then because she's doing online learning, she doesn't really know if they're real or not. That's a system issue. that probably should have changed a long time ago. We need to fix that now. The good news is you can probably use AI to do it. AI define the AI to thwart the AI I ain saying it easy but I saying that a big old market Somebody could invent that right now I bet it already exists Now then other pieces that she mentioning are kind of like what you would think, right? Students are submitting essays that they used AI to write. Do you think because they were using AI to write it and not get caught, they learned something? Like there's a nugget of truth there. Is there a way that you can teach that way? instead of asking people to learn and regurgitate because legitimately like i graduated school in 2004 so i'm actually a gen xer but if there's anything i've learned with technology because of when i was born i was born in 79 because of when i was born is that you have to find a way to learn it and harness it and do it better than everybody else like the cat's out the bag with ai how do we find a way to use it as a tool to help kids learn that's what matters and maybe they'll actually learn something that they can actually apply to a job when they actually do graduate. Maybe they spend four years or eight years in school and actually learn something and get a job doing it Because I don know about you but my degree isn really related to what I do I mean I doing it by degrees in public relations but I got here like slow Like my first job out of school was in sales and kind of everything I learned like looking back it was all on the job. Why? Because it was projects, because it was collaborations. It wasn't learn this regurgitate and that equals a grade and that means you're smart and that means you're worthy of a piece of paper. Now obviously there are certain remits right like a veterinarian. They probably need to know a lot of that stuff. Maybe we should also quit having people have to take classes and pay money for things in higher education that are stupid they'll never use. Like for example, but what if I got my degree in public relations? Why did I have to take calculus? Right? Like, is it just to get my brain to work that way to learn? I have literally never used it and I was pretty good at calculus, oddly enough. Also, is there a way to use AI to help kids with learning disabilities? Because I bet there is. I think in terms of assessing their knowledge, do less of you submit this work online and more of them actually having to present it to you, respond to questions. I get what you saying Like sometimes people can wear glasses and have it repeated There no way that not weird Like there no way that you as a teacher aren going to pick up on the fact that like they having to read understand decide what they going to say back and say it in a way that like you not going to know You know what I mean? In my opinion. Now we may get to where that's easy, but focus more on trying to test for understanding and less on the output. Honestly, using AI to teach them is actually going to prepare them for the real world because it's here. Genie's out the bottle. It's not going anywhere. I think this is an opportunity for higher education to lead the way of what this needs to look like in the future and to actually help our kids get in a place where when they graduate, they're going to slay because they know how to use all the technology and all the tools and maybe they actually learn something instead of just getting a piece of paper. for the record your video was excellent it was thought-provoking interesting i'm sick and i still felt like i wanted to respond to the video because i thought it was so good also i live in georgia and you're right don't tell anybody thank you for all your content it was so great