I only use AI for x class because I'm never going to actually use that material in my job that I want. That line of thinking is so damaging. Do you not realize that learning in itself is a skill? Tons of people have commented on my video where I said if you are using AI to cheat your way through school or work then don't be surprised or angry when AI replaces you at your job. And that is a fact. You are quite literally training your role to be replaced by AI by using it for your role. All of the people that have said I don't use AI except for when blah blah blah like this person is saying. Tons of people are saying that they only use it for classes that they are never going to use that material in their job. So why should they need to learn it? I'm a neurolinguistic master practitioner, just so you know. So I study a lot of patterns in the brain. And here's one thing that you all need to understand is that your brain is comprised of patterns. Every single thing that you have learned, every behavior you have, it is a pattern in your brain. As simple as literally learning how to read and write, learning how to hold a spoon, learning how to do anything. It's a pattern that was created in the brain. If you want to keep your mind more flexible and adaptable and malleable, creating new patterns in the brain, learning new skills, that is what is going to keep your mind sharp. Studies have also shown that creating new patterns in the brain helps prevent things like Alzheimer's and dementia. But that's besides the point. The point is, I do not care if your dream job is to be a circus clown. I don't care if your dream job is to be a comedian. I do not care if your dream job is to ride bulls at the rodeo. I don't care how far removed your dream job is from the concrete material that you are learning in whatever class you're talking about using AI for because you will not need this material in your dream job. The things that you will learn in a class whether you will use that actual material in your real life in your job That is irrelevant It is all about the act of learning Oh I never going to use this for my job Yes you will Yes you will At some point in your life you will inevitably find yourself in a situation where you do not know what to do. Whether it is personal or professional, you will find yourself in a position where you do not know how to solve something. You don't know how to figure something out. You don't know where to go next. And that is when all of the experiences of your past leading up until this moment where you've been given information that you do not understand, even if it isn't a high school chemistry class and you had to figure out the answer on your own. You had to learn new material. You had to learn a new skill. The act of learning is what is keeping your brain malleable to where when you face another situation where you do not know how to handle it, how to manage it, how to solve it, you are then able to figure it out on your own because you've done this before. Creating new patterns is a pattern in itself. If you want to be a flexible, adaptable, resilient, human being, whether it's personally, professionally, or both, you have got to get comfortable with being uncomfortable. You've got to get used to looking for answers beyond a Google search or a chat GPT search. And whether you use that specific material in your life personally or professionally, you will use the skill of learning in your life, learning something new, breaking it down, understanding it, digesting it, and retaining it. There are already enough stupid people in the world. Do you want to live in a world with nothing but stupid people and robots? I don't. Stop being lazy. Figure it out. Get uncomfortable. Get comfy being uncomfortable. I swore in my life I'd never be one of those people that's like, These youngins, these young people! But yet here I am. And yeah. Yeah.