I completely changed my life. A few months ago, I didn't know anything about AI. And I had imposter syndrome, just watching YouTube videos, seeing other people do cool shit online. I thought, I also want to get into the AI space and build AI businesses, but I don't know shit, so how do you get started? And one day I got tired of waiting, of learning more before I can actually go and start and have imposter syndrome. And I decided I'm just going to start. Now, a few months later, my life has changed. I completely changed. So I I got over 100,000 followers here on TikTok. And this means a lot of AI brands are reaching out, wanting me to do paid brand collaborations. And I just made $40,000, $40,000 creating content around AI on TikTok from brand deals. And the funny thing is a few months ago, I didn't know anything about AI, but I just got started. I also started an AI agency, selling chatbots and automations, realizing that's really boring. That's just because that's the narrative and that's what I see all the tech pros doing. So I thought I'll give it a try. Now I'm focusing on building micro SaaS, building software and apps. And I'm not a coder. I'm not a developer. I don't know shit about these things. I'm doing this with AI code builders. I'm so excited to be alive right now. We're in the biggest technological revolution in human history with AI, which translates for us that this is the biggest business opportunity of a lifetime of generations. You want to get into AI? Great, just start. You want to build a million dollar business? Just get started. I'm building a million dollar AI startup this year. Something I never thought I'd say before, but that's what I'm doing right now. And the only thing I regret is that I didn't start sooner. I build a following. I already started getting a lot of money and I know I'm going to get even more money just because I got started. If you want to do something in life or if you want to get into AI, just get started. Put down your phone and just get started.