All right, if you do one thing today, you need to show your grandparents and you need to show every single boomer that you know or that's in your life this video. Stunning development. Canada has declared war on the United States. Let's go to Joe Braxton, who is live at the border. I'm currently at the border, but there is no war. Mom, Dad, I know this looks kind of real, but it's all AI. grandpa i'm fine this is just ai you don't need to wire money to anyone i am not in love with you and i do not need your money for a plane ticket i am ai this fake moon landing footage isn't classified it's ai you're probably wondering how i got rich with crypto the truth is i didn't get rich off crypto i don't even exist you might be able to tell this is fake now but it's gonna keep getting better we're all ai there could be aliens but i'm not one of them i'm ai an herbal supplement did not cure my cancer i not even real uncle fred the government has not been taken over by lizard people You don need to send us in gift cards because you missed jury duty Grandma, it's not real. It's AI. It's AI. It's AI. Bro, it's AI. Fake faces. Real consequences. Think before you trust. Now the people that are the most susceptible to falling for these scams that are going to be coming down the pipe here, coming down the road, are going to be people that did not grow up with this stuff like boomers and elderly people. So if you want to make sure that your grandma keeps getting her social security or keeps getting her retirement check, please show them this video and let them know not to trust everything that they see online because you're the only person who's going to be able to help them and remind them ahead of time before they fall for any of these new dirty tricks that are coming down the road. Because I'm telling you right now, people are going to use this stuff to exploit other people and they're going to try to exploit people who don't know any better. So do yourself a favor and tell everybody you know about this stuff, especially people that are elderly or boomers, because those are the people that are more likely to fall for this stuff.