Do y'all ever think about the fact that in the last 50 years alone, technology has evolved from rotary phones to iPhones, from VHS tapes, CD players, floppy disks, LimeWire, to now having AI that can not only write full-on college papers, they can code, they can damn near do your taxes, they can redo your resume. You can prompt it to face map you as a traditional Chinese doctor. The list is limitless. And now there is a CEO of AI who is stating that they're projecting that within the next five years, there's going to be the same level of transformation to the point where one in five people by the year 2030 will not have access to employment. They're stating that AI will take over so many jobs. And we're not just talking about regular white collar, blue collar jobs. We're talking about even junior lawyers have jobs that are at stake. They're stating that the unemployment rate will go up to 20 percent. Goldman Sachs estimates that over 300 million jobs worldwide could be at stake. And when y'all think about Google VEO3, the fact that this has just come out and is now available to the public, does it not make y'all wonder what else they have? What else that we don't have access to that they have? Sometimes it really does make you wonder, is this a simulation? Like what exactly is going on? Because AI is taking over to the point where we are the product. The data is being absorbed and we are just the data. we are what's free and we're giving it all and it's going to transform to where we as humans are no longer needed it feels like a sci-fi movie but it's in fact reality it is just jarring to realize just how fast we are transforming as a tech society let me know your thoughts on this if you don't know what i'm talking about save this video go look into it come back i always implore y'all so do y'all research i can't confirm it or not any of this is all alleged whatever else comes out i'll be back so make sure you like follow and stay for some more tea i appreciate y'all support