I'm seeing more executives and officials saying that requiring permission before training AI models on a creator's work would kill the AI industry. And I want to talk about why that's a bad take, but also why we are getting that take so often. Now here, and most times I hear the sentiment expressed, the next few sentences usually boil down to, and we can't let the AI industry die, so we can't require this asking of permission. And there's almost always a comment like this one below of there being fear of being out-competed by a different country. as if this potential AI industry is so valuable that we need to be able to accept some difficulties to make sure that we have a prominent one. To me, at least, this seems like a bad short-sighted take because it essentially boils down to AI companies saying, we're not sure if you'd say what we're doing is breaking intellectual property law like copyright, but if it is, you shouldn't punish us for it or you should give us an exception because we need to stay ahead of our geopolitical competition. And that's kind of premised that the benefit that the AI industry will provide to whichever country is bigger than the benefit that was provided by the protections of IP law. And, you know, I don't think necessarily just because an industry provides so much value, it should be exempt from laws. But they're not even making it that far because this industry is still not really profitable. And plenty of industries have gone from being not profitable to being extremely profitable. but at this point they not and they asking to essentially be exempt from laws that provide a lot of value to a lot of people in a lot of countries For example in the U Constitution where it gives Congress the ability to establish IP laws, it says exactly why it's doing it, which is to promote the progress of science and useful arts by securing for limited times to authors and inventors rights to their stuff. And I'm sure some will make the argument that giving this exception for AI training is advancing scientific progress. But I think given how much, but also how little we've seen of AI so far, it's a big stretch to say that exemption is going to be worth more than the protection that was provided from everyone to video game designers, to actors, to copywriters. And I think it's also important to note that IP laws protect all creatives at all levels. So if you post some fan fiction, you know, you get the benefits of copyright law. And while providing an exception to AI training would theoretically apply to, you know, anyone who wanted to do it, in practice, only the most well-resourced companies can afford to train these large AI models that need so much content. So I get why people say this. People are going to want their company or their country to succeed, and nobody wants to be remembered as the person who very publicly bet against AI and then got demolished by a competitor. But all this seems based on overvaluing AI companies' potential contributions and devaluing creatives' existing ones. Follow me for more stuff on privacy, tech ethics, and security.