Hey bookish friends, happy Monday! I am on here to make a video about books I received today. One, I'm gonna be making a review, two, I'm gonna be making a disclaimer, and three, I'm gonna be making an informative part of this video. And you may be thinking to yourself, well Angel, that seems like an extra bit of nonsense, and let me explain why. Because I am only human, and I have made a mistake. A few weeks ago, because I love supporting indie authors and I love making connections, I requested to do a collaboration with Kate Seeger through TikTok Shop. Kate is an indie author, She writes some really beautiful books. These ones are fantasy, the first and second in a series. First one, The Girl from Beyond the Veil. Second one, Rise of the Legion Queen. These books have sprayed edges. They are fantasy based. They give me a Court of Thorns and Roses vibes and I really wanted to read them. Now here comes the fun part. These products will be linked in this video because I'm under obligation to post about these after I have received them as a collaboration. For those that don't know, if you receive a collaboration, you are required to make content. You are required to tag the product within 14 days. There's not really a way to return them. There's not really a way to send them back. You're kind of just obligated to do that. If you don't do it, you can get shadow banned. You cannot request more samples. There are many things that will happen to you as a creator if you do this and don't make that content. And here in lies the problem. I don't know Kate personally. I barely know her as an author. However, it has come to my attention that she has been tagged in multiple screenshots on different platforms involving the use of AI. I'm going to put some screenshots here while I talk about this for those that don know AI in the reading community can be very destructive whether you are using it for your artwork or the writing itself Basically all AI is AI is the stealing of other people work because it comes from somewhere Whether it an image a picture or the writing itself the writing style it comes from somewhere. So there's been allegations that Kate accidentally sent out her arcs. In those arcs there's very obviously generated paragraphs by AI. Now I will say Kate has come forward. She has admitted that she uses AI in her editing process. I don't know really if that justifies the screenshots I have seen. I'm not a writer. I don't know the process, but from what I have seen, it looks like a little bit more than editing its entire paragraphs. That is just my opinion. In conclusion, I received these books off TikTok shop. They are beautiful, absolutely beautiful books. Morally, can I get on here, promote these books to my followers, to my friends, and not include this information about AI? No. I just can't, and I'm sorry. I honestly don't even know if I want to read these books anymore. I don't know if I'm going to start to read them and then quickly discovered that they are very AI generated. These books came out before her other. So I truly don't know what's going to happen when I try to read them. But you know, I am not the type of person to get on here and make content strictly to try to upsell something to try to earn commission without being honest about it. So coming from both sides, this is my obligated video for these books that I received in TikTok shop. On aesthetics alone, these books are beautiful, absolutely beautiful books. Morally, do I know that these were wrote in a morally appropriate way? I don't know i i have no way of answering that that is a judgment you would have to make by yourself if you go to purchase these books um in short i acknowledge this is a shitty creator video but it's the best i can do