where for some reason Microsoft Copilot is just not working. Maybe it's not working for you in an application or maybe it's not working for you in the actual app. Now, the first thing I recommend doing is trying to see if you can close that of that application and open it back up. Just going through and closing out of the application can end up fixing it for you. So what I recommend doing is going through, closing out of that application like this and giving you like two more seconds. I randomly have hiccups now. So give it like two seconds, close it out. And then what you want to do is you want to go ahead and open it back up. Sometimes that can end up fixing it. It's a very simple fix. The prompts that you're also typing in could also be giving you some issues. So just make sure that the prompt you're typing in is good. If you're telling it to create an image and it already ran out of images to make today or if it's going very slow, you can go through and kind of give it a better prompt. and that might be another thing to kind of remember here as well. Now, if that's not working here either, the next thing I'd recommend doing is to try going through and basically try updating your version of Copilot. So what you can do here is go inside of your App Store or your Google Play Store. If you're in the actual application, I'd recommend going through and try updating Copilot like this and that sometimes can end up fixing a problem as well. So it's another one of those like simple types of fixes. try updating it and you want to see if that ends up working if that still isn't working you can try going to a website like downdetector.com or is it downrightnow.com one of those types of websites that basically shows you what's up and what's down and then you're basically just going to have to kind of wait it out if it is actually down you're just going to have to wait until the end of fixing the problem so that pretty much covers it up there if you have any other thoughts or questions please let me know in the comment section below hit the like button that would mean so much but definitely hit that subscribe button. More importantly than everything else, I love every single one of you guys. Hopefully I'll catch you guys in the next video.