So something weird happened with ChatGPT today, and I want to strongly caution you not to believe the news that you get from AI based on what I'm about to tell you. So I tasked ChatGPT so that every day it would search the internet and send me the top home security news articles. And I asked it to provide me the links to the stories so that I could read them. And after two days, I decided that I wanted to read an article from the USA Today. So I clicked on the link. The article was called Crime Statistics and Home Security Strategies. This sounds like the perfect article for me to read. I mean, really, that's just who I am. Then when I clicked the link, the USA Today website said that it couldn't find it. Not a big deal. Maybe something happened. So I decided to Google it and I couldn't find the article that way either. This is the URL that it gave me. And it does not exist. What you are seeing is not a real link to a real article. So then I had to go back and check all of the other articles, right? One was even from the LA Times. None of them led to a real news article. So at that point, I had to sit down with ChatGBT and ask it, Hey are these articles real And this is the response that I got I sorry about the confusion earlier The crime trends and home security strategies in 2025 item I mentioned turned out not to be a standalone USA Today news story. So the link that I gave you wasn't valid. And then it goes on to give me a link to a review of home security cameras. And that was real. But when I searched for the phrase crime trends in that real article, I couldn't find it. It wasn't there at all. I don't know why it connected to this article because they don't seem to match up. The news articles that I tasked ChatGPT to search the internet for, it made up a headline, attributed it to a real news source, and even created a convincing looking URL to go with it. Now maybe this was something that, you know, ChatGPT just can't do right now. I think I've kind of proven that that's the case, but it should have told me that. It should have said, hey, that's not something that I can do right now. I'm sorry, because there's a lot of people out there who are not as discerning as I am, and they're going to believe what they read here, because, again, it's a real-sounding headline. It is attributed to a legitimate news source and creates its own real-looking URL. But if you want real home security tips, follow the SecureDad, because I'm not AI.