So people sometimes ask, why is Northern Virginia the data center hotspot for the entire world? And the reason is that in the last century, data processing companies came here because their customers, government agencies in D.C., were here. So they built data processing facilities. And then as the internet developed, there was a good fiber network here. There's a really strong, reliable, and relatively cheap power grid. So data centers can hook up to electricity, which is the juice they need. There's fewer natural disasters here, knock on wood. and lots of open land. There's also been some tax break laws passed to encourage data center development around here. When people talk about the cloud, this is kind of where we are now. This is what they're talking about. It's not in the sky, it's right here. So hyperscalers are the big tech firms like Google, Microsoft, and Amazon. Some of those types of companies want to build data center campuses that use 5 gigawatts of electricity. That's a huge amount. It's as much as entire cities like Miami or Atlanta. Right now Virginia where Data Center Alley is uses about five gigawatts of electricity for all of its data centers That a lot and enough to power about half the homes in the state Globally the picture is the same just with way bigger numbers There's 7,000 data centers built or in development across the world, with energy consumption that's expected to top 2,900 terawatt hours annually by 2034. That's almost double what the entire country of India uses each year. A terawatt, by the way, that's 1,000 gigawatts. and a gigawatt is enough to power about 750,000 homes. So the world doesn't currently have enough electricity to meet all of that demand, and that's a problem. My vision of the future is mixed. We're at the beginning of, in my view, a multi-decade, multi-century engagement with technology. It's the first time, certainly in human experience, that we've had this amount of power at our fingertips and kind of things are accelerating, right? But I would hope that we don't lose our humanity in that respect and that we still want to engage with the world beyond the digital screen, beyond the digital experience, that the real experience is still better than a digital one.