Corporate girlies, you need to stop doing everything yourself and use an AI agent. And I know AI agents sound scary and super unknown, but that's why I'm here to teach you. I'm Kellan. I like to make AI fun, interesting, and easy to apply for corporate girlies. So today I'm showing you how to build an AI agent within Microsoft 365 Copilot that is going to completely change your work life. First things first, open up your browser of choice. I like Edge. Go to Microsoft365.com and then log in and here you are. Obviously Copilot pops up here, but on the sidebar you'll see agents. Important to note that you need a co-pilot license for this it's $20 a month for co-pilot pro or maybe if you're using this on your work device your company is already paying for that for today's tutorial we are creating an agent so you'll want to click that and now you are in co-pilot studio it gives you some ideas of agents if you're not really sure what you want to create or you just want to test this out i think the idea coach is great just for brainstorming if you're someone in the job market definitely try the interview questions assistant i'm going to describe and create my own custom one i am a marketing girlie i have to work on some campaigns and i'm also a social media manager so i want it to be to do all of that this is my prompt to create my marketing campaign assistant i'm simply saying create an agent to help me brainstorm marketing campaigns analyze trends and write social media copy so send that it wants me to name it marketing maestro i'm gonna say marketing girly so you'll see on the right here it starts to build it out as you're typing and this is so easy to do you simply just answer the questions once you ask questions it's going to ask you to provide more information and i've already filled out my questions so now i'm asking it for some campaign ideas for q3 so it gave me some ideas here also what's cool is when you go to configure you can can customize this further. You can also provide it public websites that it's able to pull information off of. If your company has a website, I would link that. Me, for example, I'm a social media manager, so linking my co-pilot agent to the FAQ page, which is where the most commonly asked questions are, is super helpful because that's where a lot of the questions that are in our DMs and comments come from, and that way my co-pilot agent is able to answer those questions for me without me having to go to the website and manually search it and find the answer myself. It's literally like having a personal assistant for your job, and the best part is you can create unlimited amount of agents for every different project you have. Which agent are you going to build first? Let me know in the comments.