I lost my job to AI two years ago. I worked as an editorial illustrator at this company for five years. It was honestly a dream job. I love the team that I worked with. Two years ago, myself and almost the entirety of the illustration department got laid off. And a few months later, I found out that that company made a licensing agreement with OpenAI to use this company's content to train with. In the five years that I worked for this company, I had done, and this is not an exaggeration, thousands of illustrations for them. So to lose a job with very little notice that I absolutely love and then in addition to find out that all of my hard work was going to be used to train an AI model without me seeing a scent from that was absolutely devastating. And this is the first time I'm talking openly about this on the internet. It took a long time for me to, you know, tell my friends and family what happened and I needed even more time to fully process it. It was extremely difficult to pivot and it took a huge blow to my self-esteem and my identity as an artist. Part of which is because I come from a family that has a very narrow scope of what success looks like I go back home to New York and people are like don worry Teresa one day you get a job with Disney or Marvel As if that is like the true goal of what I'm trying to do. The only way I can consider myself a successful artist. And like that job that I got laid off from, that was, you know, a nine to five corporate art job. The closest thing that I could do that would fit like what a normal person's idea of a career was. And I did it. I made it. And then just like that, I lost it. And the cartooning and illustration industry has changed so much in the eight years that I've been working. It's different. It's scary. But what I want to take a moment to say is that the people who have kept me afloat since then are independent comic creators, authors. It's been people buying my artwork from my Etsy shop. It's people joining my sticker club. I don't know where I would be now if it weren't for the indie authors also pursuing their passion and hiring me to help bring their ideas to life. The people who have a couple of extra bucks a month to spare for my sticker art. It means so much to me.