For example, you could get a super intelligent AI that decides to get rid of people, and the obvious way to do that is just to make one of these nasty viruses. If you made a virus that was very contagious, very lethal, and very slow, everybody would have it before they realized what was happening. I mean, I think if a super intelligence wanted to get rid of us, it would probably go for something biological like that that wouldn't affect it. My main mission now is to warn people how dangerous AI could be. The kinds of digital intelligences we're making have something that makes them far superior to the kind of biological intelligence we have. If I want to share information with you, so I go off and I learn something. And I'd like to tell you what I learned. So I produce some sentences. This is a rather simplistic model, but roughly right. Your brain is trying to figure out, how can I change the strengths of connections between neurons? So I might have put that word next. And so you'll do a lot of learning when a very surprising word comes, and not much learning when it's very... There risks that come from people misusing AI Yeah And that most of the risks and all of the short risks And then there risks that come from AI getting super smart and deciding it doesn't need us. Is that a real risk? And I talk mainly about that second risk because lots of people say, is that a real risk? And yes, it is. Now, we don't know how much of a risk it is. We've never been in that situation before. We've never had to deal with things smarter than us. So really the thing about that existential threat is that we have no idea how to deal with it. We have no idea what it's going to look like. And anybody who tells you they know just what's going to happen and how to deal with it, they're talking nonsense. So we don't know how to estimate the probabilities it'll replace us. I'm not to bet. I'd say the probabilities in between. And I don't know where to estimate it in between. I often say 10 to 20% chance I'll wipe it out. but that's just gut based on the idea that we're still making them and we're pretty ingenious and the hope is that if enough smart people do enough research with enough resources, we'll figure out a way to build them so they'll never want to harm us.