What happens when we're not even looking at websites anymore, we're looking at rehashes brought to us by LLMs. And that's where I've been thinking these days. I've been a bit of, I'm turning into a bit of a futurist, but I've been watching what's happening. And from what I know of how browsers have evolved, how technology has evolved, and adoption and production trends, I have some theories about what's next for the web. and they're not exactly hopeful theories. They're just what I call realistic theories. Okay, you cannot just like teaser it like that and then leave it at this cliffhanger. So you need to like, tell me, like what are you envisioning or what are you seeing? Well, for the past 10 plus years, more even, we have been dutifully tagging and optimizing our content for search engines or we have been collectively piling it into platforms like YouTube or Facebook. And these platforms have enjoyed our network effects We share on Facebook because that where our families are They got our families hostage over there So we have to keep using them This is a process called inshittification which Cory Doctorow by the way coined I think we have to talk. We cannot talk about the future of the web without talking about the inshittification of platforms because we used to have blogs. We used to use IRC. Everything used to be very peer-to-peer. What happened? Well, it started that people were incentivized to come join their friends on a platform, you know, like, everybody come share it with your friends and your family. And then the, the, the, the platform owners, they took the profits, and they used it to bring over people creating the things that you would like, you know, like, Amazon started incentivizing people to list on their site, they had a whole Kindle creators program, Netflix did its, you know, star searches, etc. YouTube has grants that it gives out. Bring over the people who create the product. And then once you've got the audience, you know, the consumer and the producer in one place, you just eat their margins. You are able to squeeze them for as much as you want. And you send those profits. You redirect them to your shareholders. And that's what instantification is.