This cute little webcam is watching you. Because it has intelligent, smooth auto tracking, the E-Meet Pixi is the world's first dual-camera AI PTZ 4K webcam, where the left lens is a Sony 1 over 2.55-inch image sensor, which will grant you up to 4K 30fps or 1080p 60fps camera quality that looks very, very good, as you can see. And the right lens is where the accurate AI tracking for humans and objects takes place. E-Meet calls it Blink Focus Technology, because it's able to achieve detection and autofocus corrections in milliseconds. Or in other words, in the blink of an eye. Not to mention you can turn on and off tracking very easily with hand gestures where the E-Meet Pixie will flash blue indicating enabled or disabled in case you wanted a fixed position where your camera does not move. You also have access to E-Meet Studio where you can view and customize the Pixie's image, effects and color correction options, and even use portrait mode by physically flipping the camera sideways. And be short form content ready just like so with auto tracking still being enabled, which is pretty cool I might add. Plus, you also have access to AI models like ChatGPT, Claude, Grok, and Gemini in order to generate scripts, scene ideas, and much more for your content journey. And finally, the E-Meet Pixie has three noise-canceling mics that have three AI audio modes for different situations. And this is actually what the mic sounds like in the live streaming mode. In the spirit of honesty, I personally opt for better sounding vocal clarity from studio mics or wireless mics. But compared to other webcam mics, I think that actually sounds a bit better than most. Now, there are some more features that I didn't mention about the E-Meet Pixie, but overall, I like the webcam, and I have a few ideas on how I might implement it in my content going forward. So, if you're interested in the E-Meet Pixie Auto Tracking 4K webcam, TikTok Shop link is going to be down below. Have a good day, and follow for more TikTok Shop stuff.