Here's why you should definitely use AI. It's definitely not killing the environment and everybody's critical thinking skills, and it definitely won't take everybody's job. Do you know what's better than learning a skill? Not learning it, and letting a silicon parrot do it for you. Graphic designer? Nah, mid-journey's got that. Writing? Don't even think about it. ChatGPT's got you. It can churn out 5,000 words worth of confident-sounding fluff in less than 3 seconds. And you want to be a voice actor? Don't even think about it. We've got AI voice clones now, we don't need your voice! Teacher, therapist, musician, software dev, photographer? If you can dream it, we can feed it into a chatbot and we can let it spit out a fast, soulless version in less than three seconds and you'll never need to worry about your dreams ever again. And sure, that dream might be riddled with factual errors, and it might be as bland as unsalted rice, but who cares? It's efficient! Efficiency is everything, right? accuracy or humanity or soul, just speed. And you, brilliant you, you decide to hand over your craft, your creativity, your whole entire job to a machine powered by child labor and stolen internet data. For what Efficiency But please clap for yourself clap for the future You not obsolete you innovative Oh but it just a tool Yes a tool A tool that is actively learning to replace you one prompt at a time It's like handing a stranger your CV and saying, here's everything I know how to do, but cheaper, faster, and without bathroom breaks. Good luck, and then you just fuck off. But hey, don't stop there. Ask ChatDBT what it thinks about you. Ask it to handle your trauma. Tell it all of your secrets. Let it coach your breakup. Nothing says healing like pouring your heart out to the neutral net Trained on reddit threads and corporate blog spam. Oh and the environment don't even worry about that Each query that you type in only burns enough energy to charge your phone 50 or so times But of course think about all that time you save not using your brain to write that email Because who cares about polar bears anyway? They weren't gonna buy your ebook. So yes Absolutely use AI use it for your relationships your job your identity and your entire future Surrender all of your distinctly human nuance to a glorified calculator that learned everything it knows from Wikipedia, stolen data, and the fever dreams of Silicon Valley billionaires. And when your industry collapses and your job vanishes and your brain shrinks into a raisin from all of its underuse, you can rest easy knowing that text back to your dad got written in 0.2 seconds. You save time. You lost your purpose. But hey, you save time.