Here are five AI companies hiring right now from my least favorite to favorite. Number five is scale. This company helps other AI companies incorporate and train their AI models. And they're one of the more established on the list. Most of the positions are in New York City or San Francisco, which is a common theme that you'll see with many AI companies. What I like about this company is that they're well known and established, which will help you to gain international networking opportunities. What I don't like is they tend to lean heavily towards Ivy grads from what I've heard, and you're definitely working in the office. Also, their benefits package doesn't seem to be that great, and their work-life balance doesn't seem to exist much at all. Number four is Lila Sciences. This is a science-focused AI company that just raised $200 million, and they've only been open for like a year, which is crazy. That means growth. What I like is that they seem to be leaders in their respective field, which is a big deal and you can really take that with you. What I don't like is their benefits package doesn't seem to be that great. They also seem to have a little bit of turnover there, which for a brand new company, not necessarily always bad, but a little sus. I'm also a little biased. The company's in Massachusetts, so don't hate me. Sorry if we're from Massachusetts, but Cambridge, Massachusetts is where you'd have to work. And I know they're close to Boston and everything, but the thing Boston is lack of networking opportunity if you don't have roots there, meaning you didn't go to school there or you don't know a bunch of people from there. Boston can be a little clicky Number three is OpenAI Pretty much everybody knows this company by now They I say the heavy hitter right now in the AI industry Most of their positions are in San Francisco They do have some remote offerings, though. What I like is they offer 24-week parental leave, and they also provide some fertility treatment assistance as well. They also offer daily breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Now, the breakfast, lunch, and dinner brings me to what I don't like, which is we know what that means and I also know two people who used to work there and that means you're going to be working a lot. So no there probably isn't a lot of work-life balance but you get a job at this company you stick it out for two years everybody and their mom will want to hire you. Number two is Anthropic. This is an AI company known for their platform called Claude. Most of their positions are in San Francisco and will require at least 25 percent of your time in the office. What I like about this company is they offer 22 weeks of parental leave and good mental health benefits. You also get $500 a month stipend. What I don't like, of course, is that you'll have to be in San Francisco, but if you want to get an AI and you want to get in with the big dogs, it is what it is, baby. My number one company right now is Perplexity. They're hiring for some remote roles, but most of their roles are in New York City and San Francisco. But listen, this company's only been around for like three years and they're already valued at 14 billion dollars which is wild. What I like about Perplexity is their benefits package is really good. Of course I don't like that you have to go in three days a week but this company's valuation is super high. They're really young. They're fast growing. It's going to look great on your resume. I think this company is definitely worth the track.