Like Apple just did a new update and it's feeding the AI tracking. And I just went through and turned it off all of our phones, but it's like it's automatically said it every 15 minutes. It's sending a report every 15 minutes of what you're doing on your phone. Yeah. And that's what they're doing. They're taking that information. And then are they shooting that to Google meta? And then they're collecting that information basically. Okay. Yeah. So there's a couple of things in place. Like one is like when you use the apps themselves, as long as the app is open, it enables it to do things. Got it. And so if the app is attractive and if it causes you to get eyeball time, that means you have it open more. And if you have it open, then it can say, okay, where are you located? What are you looking at? Who are you near? And then, oh, these things are like upload your photos to show everybody what you're doing, right? And then in the photos, they're analyzing the location, who's in them, what are their potential moods or mental states based on their facial expressions. what products are they holding in their hands or what's near them or what's in the room and and this this type of analysis was being done one of my one of my friends at google worked on google photos and i was hanging out with him in i think 2014 we're at a party together and he was telling me he's like dude we don't even need your gps data to tell you where you were we just analyze your photos and we can see what's in the background and we can very accurately figure where you were that was 10 years ago right i just saw a guy talking about how there's a program now took a picture in a room an empty room in a closet and it geo tagged and it actually swapped it found the house and everything because it was listed on a listing for for sale at one point so the inside of your home even if somebody's bought your home in the past and the listing agent has put photos inside. It's on the internet. I don't think it's available to the public type of app, but he's one of those guys that can dig. He went into a room and he's