If you're a CS student in 2025 and you're still not using Cursor, honestly, you're cooked. I don't know what to tell you. For those of you who don't know what Cursor is, it's basically if ChatGPT and Visual Studio Code had a baby. And the baby was just really freaking smart. And to prove it to you, I'm going to show you a real example right here. Here we have a very basic checkout form where the user can input their details. As of now, it's just purely a front-end interface, meaning there's no way for us to be able to store or save us information on Supabase. Not to mention there's also an upload proof of payment button that isn't working for some reason. So that's two things we have to fix in this video. So basically all I'm gonna do is just hop on Cursor and tell it to fix the upload proof of payment button. That's literally it. I'm not gonna do anything else. I'm not gonna give it any more context or instruction. Let's just see how it responds. So yeah, basically what's happening right now is Cursor is thinking through our instructions, looking at our code as context and figuring out what's its next course of action is. So just give it some time. There we go. It says it's done. I'm not even going to review the code. I'm just going to look straight at the website and see if the changes were successful. I'm going to click on the button over here and it seems like it's working. So pretty much Craigsir was able to get it in one shot, in one try. Let move on to the next task So here I have this order stable on supabase essentially i want to be able to store the user input in the form we have no back end logic yet whatsoever so essentially we're going to start this from scratch using cursor i'm currently using next.js and like i said earlier we're storing information in supabase so i'm just going to type you know in the prompt I want to be able to store the user information that we got from the form directly on to our orders table on Supabase. After letting cursor cook for a bit, it's now finally time to see if we're now able to store our form information in our Supabase table. So I'm going to submit this form over here and it looks like it worked. At least that's what the alert dialog says. Let's check our Supabase table and we do find the record there. So that means it worked. I don't know man, Cursor is just insane. I didn't even give it much context and it pretty much got it on the first try. So yeah, that's crazy. That probably would have taken me at least a few hours to do but with Cursor, I pretty much got everything in like two to three prompts, right? So that's pretty much all the proof you need. If you're not using tools like Cursor or Windsurf, you're probably getting left behind. So I highly recommend checking those tools out. So yeah, see you guys in the next video.