What harms do you think have been caused by misinformation from generative AI over the past three years? This is part three of mapping the language model risks and harms from this 2022 paper to things that have actually happened. The third risk area is misinformation harms. This means when language models output false or misleading information without any malicious intent of the user. So we're talking about misinformation, not disinformation here. And I'm sure that those of you who are watching this now can think of multiple concrete examples of this, if not what you've experienced personally what you've heard about from others. Because this risk of misinformation has absolutely come to pass. In addition to your personal experience, there have been multiple research studies laying out this problem. And many people thought that this would be a solved problem by now. It is not. And when thinking about harms here, we start with just the initial harm of people believing in correct things. It might amplify distrust and even undermine society's shared sense of truth. This paper also laid out the potential for material harm from false information in high stakes contexts like medicine or law. And here's just a smattering of examples. You might recall a video I made about this paper about racial bias and medical information from large language models. So despite evidence of inaccuracy, there continue to be attempts to integrate large language models into medical contexts. And there's evidence that when people use chatbots in medical contexts like therapy, they can get bad information or even dangerous advice. And speaking of dangerous advice, there was a New York City chatbot that was telling businesses to do illegal things. chatbots giving incorrect information about the EU elections, for example, how to vote or when to vote. And this is why it's really important not to rely on language models for high stakes decisions. And in terms of one specific material harm, we've now seen multiple cases of lawyers being censured or fined for turning in legal documents that have fabricated citations from AI in them. And if you've been thinking, what about deep fakes? Stay tuned to part four, where we will be talking about malicious uses.