Then there's me with ADHD who can't focus for more than a second, so I procrastinate endlessly from sitting down to write the stories I want to. So, before you condemn AI art entirely, remember, this is the only way some of us can get that great feeling from making art. Hey Marcus, my name's Katrin and I'm an artist. And like you, I have ADHD. I also work on this little show called Invincible. You might have heard of it. anyways, I just wanted to let you know that this take was really bad. It's a really bad take. It was a really bad take because many artists who work in the entertainment industry, who work in animation are actually disabled and neurodiverse. Many of us have ADHD, are on the spectrum, have autism, many conditions, and some have physical disabilities, et cetera, et cetera. So to come on here and say that AI helps disabled artists is actually like really shitty because right now there are lots of people in big fancy suits in corporations who are trying to find a way to get rid of artists and in fact hurt those disabled artists and to get rid of them all together so they don't have to pay us but to come on here and say hey ai art is great because it helps uh disabled people it's actually quite the opposite it they if they could not pay us at all they would they would they would not pay us they would get rid of us whole cloth those and movies and TV shows that you love, if they could not hire people at all to make them they would they would do that And so by advocating for this you are advocating for the end of our livelihoods You are also advocating for the continuous theft of us because these data sets are trained off of artists and many artists are being stolen from to feed these data sets. So we aren't getting any money or any profit anytime our art is used in these data sets. So it's essentially just theft. You can sit here and say that it helps you and it's great. And generative AI is the great equalizer. Or you could stop using it and you could go to a figure drawing class and actually put the time and hours into learning. Because as a great man once said, I didn't come out the pussy drawing Mozart. Many of us put thousands and thousands of hours into learning how to draw, just like how you have to learn a language or how you learn math. People aren't born talented when it comes to drawing. You have to learn how to draw. And I'm 36 years old And I have spent more than half my life learning how to draw. And I still want to get better. And I still take classes. And I still am training myself all the time. And if that's not something you want to put time and energy into, that's totally valid. You don't have to. But to sit here and say that people are born talented is really insulting to the thousands of dollars and thousands of hours I have spent training myself. Hope you have a great day. And maybe have a good little think about why this was a really, really bad take. k bye