We have a shocking advance in artificial intelligence that came sort of in the way that I was expecting, but sort of like in the opposite way of what I was expecting. This is more than a thousand times improvement over the current cutting edge. Like you could argue like a million times more or better. For lots of kinds of problems, all the best LLMs in the world today are totally unable to even solve it one in a thousand times. And this one is in here doing it like almost every time perfectly. And even for the really hard tests that we have for the current Frontier models, this one is blowing all of them out of the water by like 50%. The really insane thing about this is that this only needs 27 million parameters. So this needs like literally 27 megabytes of RAM. Okay. And it can blow these multi gigabyte models completely out of the water Like 50 better than them you cannot overstate what an insane advancement this is in artificial intelligence and again as i keep saying these things are going to keep happening but also it doesn't matter nearly as much as you think it does so you have these like in machine learning right like uh you have three major categories of machine learning supervised learning unsupervised learning reinforcement learning so all llms are unsupervised learning where it's learning a lot of different things about how to predict what should come next and then you give it a bunch of things and it's like i think this one is next that's all that they're doing but there's like 99 of the shit in here is is useless and so like you have these multi-trillion parameter models that need thousands of gigabytes of RAM to run and like the answers are not as good as the ones that will run on your phone so like this is not an efficient way of building AI but it is an effective way if you just trying to throw spaghetti at the wall and like spend as much money as possible It does work for some kinds of things There are lots of kinds of things that it will not ever work for. And some of those things are these kinds of complex reasoning tasks like Sudoku, right? I still believe that the distant future best AI that we will have in the future of software is this one that this is the the approach this is the approach that is closest to the way that humans think we have like this model this idea of what the world is around us and we're we're testing it and we're adjusting our model our version of what we're trying to do in our minds and what the world is around us in our minds and uh it's this like loop of like testing our assumptions and trying to move forward towards the goal this is the right this is the long thing okay but this new thing is actually over here okay it it supervised learning so this is like it it not unsupervised learning right It not these large multi parameter models but it's also not reinforcement, it's supervised. So the problem is, this is like a limited, the scope of this like thousand X, million X advance is limited. This is not going to apply to all kinds of problems. It's a very specific subset of problems that involve complex reasoning, which is not all problems, right? So is it necessarily going to write you a really good essay? Maybe. But is it really good at solving complex puzzles? 100%. It is the best way of doing complex puzzles. So it's very exciting. It's definitely going to be integrated into everything. it's like worlds beyond what we had before and it's wild, like the resource requirement is so low for it to be able to perform so much better than these enormous models that we had yesterday