This might be crazy, but I have a theory about content creation and the future of like online business. Last night, I did a huge deep dive and looked at content and online business on an industry scale, and there were two things that like really stood out. One, AI is going to replace some content creators. Content creators who make like surface level content, like the what I eat in a days and the three productivity tips, that will be replaced by AI because it lacks any form of depth or human insight. That type of content and that market of content is so incredibly already oversaturated, so now that AI is coming into it, it's just gonna vanish. And this part goes into attention fatigue. Everyone has been talking about this because attention fatigue is everywhere. Everyone is tired of people trying to hook them in, and people are tired of being overfed the same morning routine, the same growth hack. And because of that, people are craving trust and connection, which not a lot of creators are doing. They're doing what everyone else is telling them to do. Hook your viewer in the first three seconds with all these sounds and these edits. But the smart creators are not doing that. They have noticed that there is an influx in storytelling and being vulnerable. In my eyes, there's like the top percentage of creators, okay? And then there's the mid-tier. and I can tell immediately when someone goes on my page if they're a mid-tier creator. I personally have been a mid-tier creator for the entire time I've been a content creator. But the top-tier creators are usually the people who have something to sell or have an online business or are like really famous like Alex Earl and stuff but the top creators who do it correctly are the people that literally just talk to the camera like this Like they don try to hack your attention or do anything extra to get you to watch them They are just genuinely who they are and they provide value and insight and they value impact and that's what sets them apart from everyone. They're not being desperate, they just know that they have value and they have things to say and that the growth that they want will come from them just being themselves and caring about the people who are watching them. So as more and more and more people try to become content creators, everyone is going to be following the exact same advice and staying in this mid-tier reign. And as we get into like 2026, 2027, 2028, all the way to 2030 and up, this middle tier is going to become so incredibly oversaturated. They're all following the same advice, doing the exact same thing. So everyone who's watching them is going to get bored because everyone, it's just a repeat. It's just a cycle. So content is only going to be oversaturated if you follow the crowd, if you follow this tier. If you follow this tier, you still can get into it and be incredibly successful with it. You just have to think smart and not follow generic advice. And I usually don't post anything like this, but in my real life, like the behind the scenes of what I post, I am obsessed with content and business and marketing. I love researching everything on the business side of social media. I literally do it in my free time. And it might take you a few months to get out of this range, or it might take you a few years, but the smart game will always be the long game.