There's no such thing as an AI artist because AI art is not real art. And watching this video of this dude trying to defend AI art and make excuses for the reason that people do it is just honestly disgusting. Like if I buy a ticket to ride on an airplane, that doesn't make me a pilot. If I type a search into Google, that doesn't make me an author. When I flip on a light switch, it doesn't make me an electrician. If I go buy a pack of muffins, I'm not a baker. Because when you're making AI art, you're not actually doing anything except for sourcing other people's art and doing a poor mashup of it. In a sane world, it would be considered copyright infringement, but we don't live in a sane world. And this guy's excuses make me so mad because he tries to say that because he has ADHD he could never do art. And that some people aren't gifted or talented at art. Well, guess what? Anybody who's an artist, they spent years to decades developing that skill. That's the barrier to entry, is you have to spend time developing the skill. And as somebody who also has ADHD, I find it extremely frustrating that he tries to use that as an excuse of why he couldn't be an artist. Because there's certain art forms that I didn't really have the patience for, I struggled to go back to a painting over and over. I couldn't really do comics because it took so long I would lose interest. So what did I do? I do what everyone else does, and you look for an art that you want to go back to, something that you want to invest your time into. In his video, he talked about how he wanted to be a writer, but he never was able to focus on writing enough to do it. You didn't want to be a writer. You wanted to be an author. You wanted to have a finished work you didn't want to put in the time. Like I'm currently writing a book. Every author in the world doesn't always want to do it. But what you do is you set aside time. And every night at the end of the night I spend 30 minutes to an hour writing my stories Whether I want to or not Whether I having trouble focusing or not Go watch interviews with any famous writer or any kind of artist and they talk about that they don always want to do their art but that doesn't mean that they give themselves the excuse and the out they just do it I was just watching an artist the other day who didn't have arms and he paints with his feet I saw someone who was paralyzed and the only thing they could use was their mouth and so they would bite down on a paintbrush and they would still paint. An artist pushes through their limitations and they do the things that they want to do, whatever the boundary is. And I genuinely am resentful towards all of the people who try to make excuses that they weren't good at art and so that's why they like AI art so much. It's an entitlement because AI art wouldn't exist without sourcing from artists who actually put in the time, from those who overcame those boundaries and still made their art. And this is exactly why it's so disrespectful when people will tell people who do art forms that they're lucky. There's nothing lucky about it. They put the time in and they developed a skill. And that's how skills work. And when I was thinking about making this video, I was like, AI artists are like somebody who reads a cookbook and thinks that they're a chef or somebody that uses Hamburger Helper to make a meal. But that's not even true because when you read a book, at least you did something, right? Even if you just read a cookbook, it doesn't make you a chef, but at least you learned something. If you go and make a meal with Hamburger Helper, you may not have done every step, but you developed skills while you were doing that. You learned some of the process to cooking, but when you go type in a prompt and art gets spit out, you literally did nothing. There's not a single person in the world that was born being able to do art, but when you type a prompt in and you get art out, all you did was take from somebody else.