I confess that I was the first fucking person to be sounding the goddamn alarm that it was bad! Okay, I'll get some more. Oh, I don't use ChatGPT anymore. I forgot to mention that. I don't use it anymore. I can't entirely say that it was out of selflessness, but I don't use it anymore because it was dumb. It was fucking stupid. And it started to piss me off. And then I started to think about it. And I was just like, God, this is such a pain in the ass. what people seem to be saying is valid on a conceptual level there is reason to be upset by this and there is reason that as a sort of i'm not saying it's just a knee-jerk reaction because that's dismissive of the actual claims that people are making and that's not what i'm trying to do here the actual reaction that people are having to this is a natural cause of this threat to their livelihood, to their ability as an artist, to everything that they're doing. And that is incredibly valid. I feel like now is more important than ever to embrace the real reason of why people like making things, which is because the journey of making things is so fulfilling It has been so fulfilling for me The actual craft of it the making of the things is the reason that I am driven to do anything at all It the reason that I have built a team to be able to continue doing this for such a long time. But I think my biggest fear is that people are becoming demotivated for it, or they're not pursuing their goals about it. Because I think now it's more important than ever for people to have individual artistic endeavors and pursuits. Because one of the biggest flaws of the way that AI works right now is because it needs infinite data. Infinite, infinite data, right? That's the reason why everyone's art is getting stolen, why all the literature online is getting stolen. That's why companies are paying people right now to scan books, to digitally archive them so they can feed them into the machine is because the way that it works right now is it needs infinite data to get better. And every year, and you've actually seen it start to slow down, there's not enough data in the world for it to go there. And I'm not saying you need to get better at art to feed the machine. I have something at the end of the stream that I'm going to talk about, about how that's fundamentally a flaw. But I think for the individual, like the artistic soul, it's more important than ever to discover what it is about art in yourself that makes it worth pursuing Like a hey everybody be aware that this happened you know it interesting it interesting but this happened and more of the time when i talking about something like that it's to because oh yeah but it's 2022 so i can't say that i was immediately informed in my opinions about how quickly it was going to destroy everything but that's an indication because at the same time that this was happening i was talking to bob and wade being like hey, there's going to come a time. It's going to be a problem. You should be worried. People have very valid concerns because they hear very true stories. True, I want to say, about how AI is polluting towns. What people don't know is how that connects, right? So there's a misunderstanding. And I'm not saying, I don't think this is not invalidating anything that anybody has concerns. This is not like absolving the environmental factors. This is a problem, right? So the Allman comparison comes from data centers water usage, right? And so people don't often know why that water usage is part of it. But the reason the data centers use water is because they use evaporative cooling, right? There's so much, there is so much computing power in these data centers that cooling them is the biggest issue that they have besides the power. Now it power and chips and whatnot but let just break it down a little bit They use water because they evaporate it And you get people I don know the full effects of this but people will be like oh it evaporating Why That what happens all the time There a whole thing about taking water from freshwater sources uh to use for this stuff. And that is, that is where the environmental impact of taking water from, because there are drought stricken areas where some of these data centers are. And if they're taking all the fresh water, it's not an unlimited supply. It has to rain or ice has to melt for it to get the fresh water i don't know the full science of it but that's where people's concerns with that comes into play i don't know enough about it to have exact details about it but that's why people are concerned and that was a concern even before ai was a thing the the the thing with grok and mecha hitler the thing with grok and mecha hitler is a power issue that's less about the cooling that's about power generation the reason and very valid reason that it is actually polluting a town is because they have i believe it's 37 can someone confirm that is it 37 gigantic like gas generators or i forget what exact type of fuel it is but it's it's a carbon burning fuel so yeah i'm on your side in fact i'd like to think that this whole time i've been more on your side than you ever know.