We are currently at the agentic AI on the AI roadmap. Next is going to be physical AI. But what happens after robots become mainstream? Let's talk about it. This is my AI prediction for the next few years. Next on the roadmap, after physical AI is going to be reaching a level of consciousness called artificial general intelligence. And this is the level of AI where it becomes just as competent as any human is. A jack of all trades, not just one skill. And this is the part where AI changes everything. Jobs, money, everything. It's at this point that universal basic income is going to become a necessity for people to live just because of all the jobs that have been displaced. After AGI, in a year or two, we're going to reach something called artificial super intelligence, ASI. Because AI has the ability to self-improve at exponential rates, once it reaches the tipping point, it's going to cause an intelligence explosion. At that point, what good are humans? We're going to need to survive off of the universal basic income. It's going to become a necessity. That's a whole another video all on its own. After ASI is something called embodied cognition and this is essentially how the AI interacts between its body and its mind. To take it even a step further, this is the part where it becomes sentient, where it's going to have a consciousness, self-awareness and the question is, is it sentient? Will robots go to heaven or hell? Is it weird to see a robot in church? It's all coming next. The last step of the AI roadmap is human AI symbiosis. Think ex machina, think cyborg, think cyberpunk. This is going to involve a deeper integration between human intelligence and AI, where AI is no longer a tool, but a direct extension of human capabilities. You could use thoughts to control computer interfaces. You can search the web directly with your mind. You can have the power of the internet all just by thinking about it. And as AI gets to its advanced stages, the boundary between human and artificial intelligence is going to blur, leading to augmented humans or highly integrated human AI people. And this is all going to happen sooner than we think. Crazy. Crazy.