If you're currently using ChatGPT as a therapist, this video is for you. If you're new to my channel, I'm Rachel, a neuroscientist. We obviously lack data, but I've kind of been running my own informal study behind the scenes and one of the things I've been trying to understand is ChatGPT as a therapist. It's not looking good and I understand the desire to use it. It's very human to want to be understood. We can't afford a therapist and look, if your ChatGPT therapy amounts to like it's 2am and you're using it to talk yourself down off of a ledge or back from a panic attack, I think that's fine. If you're using it for psychotherapy or for any kind of real therapeutic interaction, it is not only not helping, it's likely hindering you because it is designed to please us and look I've had plenty of people say oh you're just not prompting it right if you do x y and z and I've tried their advice you're not going to out prompt it's core training right you can't out prompt it's core training that's it's it's designed to please you and that won't help you actually you need to be challenged chat to be chikai it like it giving you a response based on distributional proximity I know it feels human and it makes you feel understood I have an alternative I not just going to say don use Chatubishi as a therapist and good luck to you The alternative is literature. Like what you're feeling, that feeling of being understood, of having your human experience explained back to you. having your complex, messy, shameful human experience validated and affirmed, you can get that from literature. Except the difference is, first of all, you're not giving your data away in a very dangerous manner. Secondly, reading literature and feeling understood bonds you to your own species. Feeling understood by ChatGPT, from at least my informal research, seems to do the opposite. Like it or not, human beings are incurably social. You need to feel as though you belong to your species. Loneliness isn't just about having company, but you need to feel like you belong to your species and literature can do that for you. ChatGPT does the opposite. If you'd like recommendations for books you can read, and I can read as audiobooks as well, if that's easier for you, go right ahead and listen to books on audiobooks. thing. If you'd like recommendations for books that I consider to be therapeutic and life-affirming, let me know in the comments.