Well, if you scrolled past an image like this of a wildfire on your phone and thought it was real, have a closer look. The BC Wildfire Service is warning of fake AI-generated wildfire images, just like this one, that are being shared on social media and contributing to online misinformation that can make an emergency situation worse. Describe to me what you're seeing here. Uh, it looks like a forest fire and people are trying to put it out with helicopters and water. That is a wildfire that's being fought by planes dropping fire retardant on it. Do you think it's real? Yes, it is. What if I told you this image is AI generated? I'd probably believe that. In a way, it surprised me. Like, it's very real. The wildfire service says it has recently seen a rise in AI-generated wildfire images. It shared these images on a social media post on Tuesday, both of which were shared by other users and inaccurately portraying fire situations. The biggest concern here is that you know you dealing with a situation that is already stressful as people are trying to make critical decisions about their safety their homes their families AI researcher Mohammed Abdul says it mostly free AI apps being used to create these fake images but more advanced tech will soon become more freely available to the public and make it harder to tell what's real. Did it seem real to you? Not as real as it could be. I mean, I can tell looking at that it's smoother, if you will, than what a general photograph would be. It's still possible in some ways to spot an AI-generated image, but it will become much more challenges in the very near future. At a wildfire situation update Wednesday afternoon, Minister Ravi Parmar encouraged people to download the BC Wildfire app. Please be cautious of where you get your information. Be aware of AI-generated content. And if you want to know where you can get the best information, the most up-to-date information, the BC Wildfire app is the place to go. Hundreds of people are out of their homes in BC because of wildfires burning across the province, with over 100 active blazes as of Wednesday.