If I was 16, 18, 20, 21, starting today, I would spend every waking minute learning about AI. Not even if I'm sleeping, I'm listening to podcasts talking about AI. My whole Instagram and TikTok things are now AI hacks because there's that much changing that rapidly. And so it's one thing to have a business and how you integrate AI. That's one thing. But if you're just getting started, right, as you learn these things, it's so much easier to start. Like it went from back in the way, way back in the day, $5,000 for a PC that was that big, right? To, hey, if you just have a laptop and a connection to the internet, you can start anything. To now, you have a mentor, whether you use Perplexity, Anthropic, Cloud, you know, ChatGPT, Gemini, it doesn't matter, right? You have experts and you might say, well, those hallucinate. Let me just tell you, your mentors and experts don't always get it right either. So you've got these experts who can answer questions and help you understand what you don't know. You got these tools that just spider everything that do your emails that do sales calls for you Are you fucking kidding me Like you just have to be the one who thinks and figures it out and knows what your product market fit. And it's just going to change so quickly. And so if you're just getting started today, just by going in there and learning it, your mind's just going to go nuts. And as an entrepreneur, you'll find a million different ways you can leverage this to, you know, either do something that's more competitive yourself or to sell it to other companies. Like somebody asked me, you know, if you needed to start a job today, you were 16, 17, 18 years old, what would you do? I'm like, I'm going to notebook LM and I'm doing a demo. Then I'm going to every small business up and down the street in the town where I live and I'm doing a demo and I'm showing them how they can just send out this little podcast about whatever it is they do or use it internally for their employees or talk about the cars they sell or talk about the suits they sell and charge them 25 bucks an hour. You know, it's just right there. And it's changing so rapidly. The reality is 99.99999% of the people aren't going to do shit. They're going to say, I'll get somebody to help me. But those people who put in the time are going to crush it.