I don't have an NDA, so I can tell you this. This is what is currently happening and is about to happen with AI. And I hope that this whole lady falling in love with her psychiatrist, psychosis, questionable, whatever, let this be a lesson and an eye opener for the actual mental harm that can come from using these tools in the wrong way. There are currently products in testing that will use AI to diagnose, to ask you questions about your mental health, your mental wellness. We'll record sessions, synthesize what is occurring in a session, and summarize it and categorize you in a certain way depending on your response. What is concerning though as a therapist, your job is to observe behavior in context and then make an assessment. Not to diagnose people that we don't know, just an observation of behavior in context. This woman is inputting her information into the AI. The AI is outputting their interpretation of what her input is This is not the same as if you sitting in front of a human being who has a bigger context and who is observing your behavior your expressions your tone your prosody of your speech doing a lot of assessment to determine the authenticity of what this person is saying in context of the behavior, whether they have good judgment, insight, all of the above. AI cannot do that. It's not there. And maybe for good reason. because if they're only receiving input that is from a certain lens it can only give you output from that lens it can only give you what you're asking it to do so you'll see her putting in this information and pretty much just negating what the other side of the perspective is if that's not concerning to you then I don't know I don't know what to tell you because people who maybe are not in touch with reality, may have lost some groundedness with reality. Maybe they have some anxiety that's mixed in there too. A lot of other things that people go into with psychosis when you're seeking answers and then looking to something to give you an answer. Now going off on tangents and they go down a rabbit hole and they are not grounded. We have to have insight.