Okay, we're back in an ugly cubicle for today, but that's alright. Meanwhile, visual artists are struggling to shield their work from AI crawlers despite available tools to them. A new study by researchers from UC San Diego and the University of Chicago reveals that while tools exist to block AI crawlers from harvesting art online, most artists lack the technical knowledge or platform control to use them effectively. The research, which is going to be presented at the 2025 Internet Measurement Conference, surveyed over 200 artists and reviewed 1,100 websites. 80% of artists have tried to protect their work from AI training data sets. And tools like Glaze and Robots.txt exist, but they're underutilized due to lack of awareness or platform restrictions. And it seems that over 75% of artists' websites are hosted on platforms that don't allow robots.txt customization. And lack of awareness seems to be a big problem Most artists are unaware of basic blocking tools and even when they available like they are on Squarespace which happens to be very good at blocking AI crawlers few sites enable them. Major AI crawlers generally respect the robot.txt, but many assistant crawlers do not, especially ByteDance. And here's another instance of the legislation not keeping pace with the technology. legal uncertainty, especially in the United States, is shifting focus towards technological access controls as a primary defense. And the study really underscores the growing tension between creators' desire to control how their content is being used and the limitations of current internet infrastructure and legal frameworks. You can read the full story at midwestagenda.com. While there, I also have a link to the 2025 Internet Measurement Conference. You can click that and find out more. And if you have Art News and Adventure Project listing you'd like to share, submit a listing right at the top of the page. Go ahead and send us yours because Art in the Midwest matters. And so do you. Have a great day. Thanks. Bye.