I don't think people realize how insane ChadGPT's agent actually is. So I wrote out, make me a very realistic sounding AI receptionist for our company Sync2. That is very natural and conversational. Do this on 11 Labs. Here's our website. And then from there, we are going to just enable agent mode. And from here, it is going to be building out everything for us. So from here, you can see that it's going to set up on my desktop. Now it's recognizing my request. it says I will help you create a realistic sounding AI receptionist using 11 labs. As you can see, it is going to load in the website and then it's going to start designing the agent. So right here, it just found my website. You can see it found everything from there. This is what it looks like currently. Now it's going into 11 labs. It's going to log in and this is where I am going to have to take over to actually log into the account, but you know, you could just provide it with your credentials instead. Okay, so I just took over control and now ChatGPT is back to doing everything for us. So it is going to go into the top section of 11 labs and then it is going to go ahead and start creating the agent for us. It's going to go to the blank agent, great from scratch. It's naming the agent sync to receptionist. Now it's saying I have navigated to 11 labs and the form is now ready if you would like to proceed just press yes now as you can see down here it's going to customize the agent for us and this is all without me putting any particular instructions you know we can get a little bit more specific on if we wanted to you know add specific system prompts if you just give it a you know something a little bit more specific than what i set up at the top here which is create a very realistic sounding AI receptionist But here you can see it automatically putting in a pretty extensive prompt You know, I wouldn't call it production ready, obviously. But beyond this, you can also provide it with a knowledge base to say, hey, I have this GoDocs. Can you input it into 11 labs for me? Beyond that, you can see that it is going to update the first message for me as well. it is choosing the voice for me and it is going to find Rachel or it ended up choosing a friendly female voice instead next up it just saved the agent and now it is going to try and test the agent out so I'm going to pull it up from my end and see how it came out so I have just logged into my own 11 labs account you can see that it is 1127 and we can see right here we just have a brand new agent created. So let's go ahead and test this out. Hi, you've reached Cincy 2's AI assistant. How can I assist you today with scheduling an appointment or answering your questions? Hey, I was just curious what services you guys actually offer and if this is AI speaking. Yes, you are speaking with an AI assistant. As for the services we offer, I can help you schedule appointments, answer general questions about the practice such as office hours or accepted insurance and connect you with a staff member if needed. Is there anything specific you'd like to know more about? Yeah, could we actually just schedule an appointment? Of course. Yeah, so as you guys see, it's not perfect. It's not the best thing out there right now, but it just goes to show, you know, maybe give it a few months or even a year from now, like these systems like ChaiCBT, it's going to be able to do all the work for us. It's pretty insane.