Meta is putting breaks on its massive AI talent spending spree. You might hear this and think, well, Meta is going to start cutting their AI department. They're cutting spending on it, but that's only because they ramped up spending with $100 million contract signing bonuses. They started recruiting from OpenAI. They started pulling over their best talent to build up Meta's AI division. Every single day, there's a new think piece about the AI bubble bursting. Well, they put too much money in there, and it's just not advancing quick enough. There's no way for us to give all the energy to these data centers. These data centers don't even exist yet. How can we properly advance AI? All of these investments are going to be wasted. This year, just on the private side, venture capital has raised $162.8 billion to invest in AI startups. AI is continually, rapidly moving forward. It may not have the massive quantum data centers that the United States government wants to build and build new nuclear reactors to fuel those but it is advancing And I don think that it going to collapse in an instant like many people are predicting That would be like saying the military industrial complex is going to collapse and burst like a bubble because massive amounts of money is poured in. I think that they would just keep it on life support. In fact, I think they'll keep developing it over the next decade because clearly they want to integrate it with Palantir and Accenture and large data brokers and use it at the federal level with every single federal agency. All of these large AI companies are getting additional contracts with the US government and the US government and Donald Trump's administration have been passing executive orders to fuel AI investment and AI expansion. I don't think that every single company needs to use AI. I think many of them have really sloppy integration with AI and their large language models for their private companies are usually just really shitty plugins that don't make their products better. But I don't think that AI overall as a field is going to be going away or bursting. And even if the bubble burst, it wouldn't destroy the market.