You need to delete yourself from this website as soon as possible. Here's why. A bunch of college kids, they linked up the meta Ray-Ban glasses with a variety of websites to give them instant information about you. We built glasses that let you identify anybody on the street. The information a tool collects from just a photo of your face is staggering. I'm scared! To use it, you just put the glasses on, then as you walk by people, the glasses will detect when somebody's face is in frame. This photo is used to analyze them and after a few seconds their personal information pops up on your phone Oh this is me volunteering Joon Lee, right? Yeah This photo was created You're from Bergen County Academies? Yeah Your Korean name is Joon? Joon? Uh, Cambridge Community Foundation Oh, hi ma'am Wait, are you a Betsy b****? Yes Oh, okay, I think I met you through the Cambridge Community Foundation, right? Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. It's great to meet you. I'm Kane. So watching that is really scary because that means someone with glasses can be walking by and immediately know who you are which raises huge privacy concerns But all that hinges on facial recognition and for them they use a service called PimEyes You upload an image of yourself and it search the internet for you This isn a simple reverse image search It doesn find copies of that image on the internet It finds copies of you on the internet. All you have to do is upload an image. This is what they did with the meta glasses. Take a photo. You can see it's me from today. Does a reverse image search. Takes, I don't know, seconds if anything of processing. At this point it's already found me. I'm just checking a couple boxes that say, I'm not going to do this for nefarious things. And I'm not a robot, blah, blah, blah. Just like that, it's able to find me 15 bucks. You can find all these websites, but these images don't match anything I just took. And I mean, look at this image. It's from far away. It's blurry. It's dark. I'm looking to the side. How does it know it's me? I don't know, but it does. That's scary. And if you know someone that cares about their security, about their privacy, send this to them so they know where they need to delete their info from. You want to delete yourself from this ASAP because without a service like this, the eyeglasses or any other similar technology is not going to be able to find you. And yes, this will soon start feeling like a game of whack-a-mole because image recognition and facial recognition technology will get better and better with AI. There'll be more and more services like this. But at the very least, today you want to whack this mole. Follow me for more security and money-saving tips because your security is money. Talk to you soon.