So this Reddit user found a prompt that makes ChatGPT 10 times smarter. Check this out. So they basically said that ChatGPT has a hidden reasoning mode that most people fail to trigger. And when you activate it, the responses from ChatGPT are significantly better. And this user explained that they've been testing thousands and thousands of prompts, and they finally figured out what works. And the secret pattern that they discovered is that when you ask ChatGVT to show its work in a structured way to outline its thinking, it will start giving you a better response. So here's an example that he provided. His prompt was explain why my startup idea might fail. And above there is this generic ChatGVT response, which basically says generic risks like market competition, funding challenges, poor timing, yada, yada, yada. And when you start using the magic prompt, which says before answering, work through the following step by step. So here are the steps. Number one is understand What is the core question being asked Number two is analyze What are the key factors components involved Number three is reason What logical connections can I make And number four is synthesis. How do these elements combine? Number five is conclude. What is the most accurate, helpful response? And then you now give it the prompt. So now answer, explain why my startup idea, and AI powered meal planning for business professionals might fail. And this is the response that it gave. So detailed analysis of market saturation, user acquisition costs for AI apps, specific competition, MyFitnessPal, Yuko, customer behavior patterns, monetization challenges, and subscription models, et cetera, et cetera. And the question is, why does this work? And the reason it works is because when you force ChatGPT to structure its response, it activates deeper processing layers. Instead of just pattern matching to generic responses, it actually reasons through your specific question and provides a response which is so much more powerful. So if you want to learn more about AI, prompting, building AI agents, and automations, then make sure to follow for more.