Authorities are investigating a shocking scam using the AI-generated likeness of General Hospital star Steve Burton. Hello, Abigail. I love you so much, darling. I had to make this video to make you happy, my love. Vivian Rubelcava says her mother, Abigail, believed she was in a relationship with the actor after receiving fake videos like this. I hope this puts a smile on your heart. Which looked and sounded like the real Steve Burton. Something big is going on here. According to a police report, her mother sent the scammer posing as Burton more than $81,000 in prepaid gift cards, cash and Bitcoin after he told her he lost property and the L.A. fires. Know that nothing will ever make me hurt you or lie to you, my queen. Vivian outraged. I'm sickened by it because it went this far. Why didn't I know this? Why didn't I see what was happening? What did I miss? She says her mom has bipolar disorder, was in a manic phase and fell hard for the fake Steve Burton. In her head, it was there was no scammer. She was talking to Steve Burton the entire time. Eventually the family told police she even sold her condo for until her daughter learned of the scam just in time Had I not intervened when I did she was scheduled to send the scammer out of that money that was sitting there She's ashamed. And to put that stress on me, on herself, on my dad, the entire family, I know it weighs heavy on her. Our station KABC in Los Angeles showing Steve Burton the fake video and Burton with a message to his fans. First of all, I don't need your money. I would never ask for money. I see people come to my appearances and look at me like they've had a relationship online for a couple years. And I'm like, no, I'm sorry. I don't know. I don't know who you are. And you just see it's so sad. You see the devastation. The LAPD tells me they're still investigating and that these types of scams are more pervasive than we think and that the scammers are very good at covering their tracks. So they say the rule of thumb is never send money to someone who you have not met physically in person. And if someone is asking for money online or over the phone, no matter how friendly they might seem, it's probably a scam.