I worked as an AI product manager, one of the hottest jobs in tech. This past week, the stock market freaked out after this MIT research dropped. This is exactly why I quit one of the hottest jobs in tech. MIT looked at over 300 AI projects across big companies. Only 5% of them made money, while 95% of them went nowhere. After this report dropped, the S&P 500 and the NASDAQ took a dip. And I saw this coming when my executives taught me about the Gartner hype cycle. New technologies always start with a lot of excitement called the peak of inflated expectation. And that's where chatbots blew up. But then comes the trough of disillusionment. When people realize it's not that magical. And generative AI has been trending down the slide right now. I've lived through this as an AI product manager, seeing teams build absolutely useless agents. And AI is good at saving time. I built an AI tool that saved consultants hours of research time. But saving time and money doesn't always mean you're making more money. In the short run, it gave companies zero return. And depending on the company many executives coming up with the AI use cases aren even actual AI users Their ideas are far limited Like I want an AI agent that can read my HR benefits PDF And frankly many of the use cases are quite dumb. And sometimes even good ideas can't get off the ground because many companies simply can't implement them. AI works great for personal use, but big companies want full automation overnight without knowing how to actually upskill their people. They're tied up in legal and privacy issues and stuck with outdated systems that desperately need upgrades and especially big companies aren't ready for this. I got to work with Microsoft, Databricks, Scale AI and more. I spent months building AI agent integrations and I kid you not even their tools would break frequently. Even the biggest AI builders are struggling to make their products reliable for big corporations and that's why I quit my job and now I'm working on something that's more exciting and I still get to build AI projects on the side. And I want you to know the real deal when it comes to AI. So follow for more no BS career advice. Let me know in the comments, what's your career plan in the world of AI? And I'll let you know if I have any insider tips. Mmm. It's a little too sweet. I think this needs a little bit more tahine. Mmm, mmm, mmm.