AI changed my life. It's so wild. In the beginning of this year, I didn't know anything about AI and I just made my first $100,000 and a couple of months ago, I didn't know anything and I just got started and this is so insane. So before I got started, I just wasted months watching YouTube videos with other people building cool shit, using AI to build agencies, creating apps, automations, blah, blah, blah. You name it. I watched it and I was like, wow, they're making money, they're building cool shit. How can I get into it? Who am I? I don't know shit. Like I cannot do it. And then when I had enough of my own bullshit and imposter syndrome, I decided I'm just going to start. I'm just going to start. I created an agency website, an AI agency selling automation and chatbots. And then I started documenting my journey here on TikTok. And in five months, I got my first 100,000 followers. This led to two things. First, I started getting a lot of clients from TikTok watching me, reaching out. And then I became an AI influencer, somebody who now gets paid to create content and talk about other brands. I didn't even know like AI influencer was a thing that you could get paid to create content around AI yapping about AI here on TikTok But when you start getting an audience and already when I started getting like 10 20 followers I already had brands reaching out offering for a video for a video I had a big brand paying me $30,000, true story, $30,000 to create a couple of videos this summer for them. So I recently just quit my AI agency. I think chatbots are really boring to sell, and I don't believe in automations, even though everybody's talking about it. I think automations is soon a thing of the past, and AI agents are gonna take over. So my complete focus now is building AI apps and micro SaaS using AI app builders, IDEs like Lovable, Cursor, Replit. For me, it's mind blowing. That's me, a non-technical person. I don't know shit about coding, tech stuff, anything. And I don't want to know. I'm not interested in that. I want to build AI startups and I can do it as a solo founder, as a solopreneur, building AI apps and startups. And I think the moral of the story, like what I learned from this journey so far, getting started, getting followers, becoming an influencer, making 100k. is to just get started. I haven't posted them for so long. So if you want to get started, whatever it is, personal brands, starting an agency, building, just get started. It's also available. It's also possible. It's all there. It's just waiting for you to stop watching these videos and start actually taking action.