These are the jobs that are going to be easily wiped out by AI in the next 5 to 10 years. For the first one, we have accounting and finance. These jobs look like bookkeepers, payroll clerks, and financial analysts. I believe that these jobs can be completely wiped out because AI can automate tax prep, expense tracking, and financial forecasting. For the next one, we have customer service and support. These jobs look like call service reps, help desk support, and chat support agents. These jobs can be wiped out because AI chatbots and voice assistants can handle FAQs, complaints, and basic troubleshooting. Transportation and logistics. These involve delivery drivers, inventory management staff, and warehouse pickers and packers. Yes, I'm saying, my job at Amazon is definitely jeopardizing. Ain't no shame in that. AI can take over with autonomous vehicles, drones, and warehouse robots that can handle logistic tasks more efficiently. And our favorite one, media and content. I'm sorry to tell you, bro, but AI is going to take this over. When it comes to basic news reporter, copywriting for ads or product descriptions, and video editing assistance, you are cooked. ai can generate articles social media posts and edit repetitive video tasks quickly a lot of these financial gurus that are telling y'all to get into copywriting and all this stuff cool but create a business behind it don't just do these things learn it but learn it for a grand scheme the business and for my people that are actively getting their college degree in accounting or finance or are already working in the industry bro please make sure that you have a plan and a strategy on what you're going to do with your money please invest save don't be in debt do the smart things with your money buy assets so you can buy your time back so you do not have to worry about that day when that announcement comes and they're like bro everybody's fired you don't have to be the one that's sitting there like damn what the hell am i gonna do because you already have your life in order you already had your ducks in a row and you waited for this day you were prepared for this day