Is beautiful.ai worth it? There's so many different presentation softwares out there, and a number of them I think are absolute trash. The only one I think recommend using is Gamma. So today, we're going to try another one that I've seen a lot on Facebook, seen a lot of ads for, seen a lot of influencers use, and it's called beautiful.ai to see if it actually competes with Gamma. I think Gamma gives you the most, but we're going to see what beautiful.ai does. So let's call me to the website. Before I do this, be sure you like and subscribe for more. I'm here to give you the business for your business. I'm not an affiliate with any of these, So my goal is to give you a truth and the truth behind it all. So let's see if beautiful that AI is worth it. So this is their interface. So you log into the space. This is the free trial. I'm not paying for anything. This is still the free trial. So we're logging in here. So we're going to go to create presentation. Let's say generate with AI. So it says we're going to generate with AI. We're going to determine the topic of our presentation. So the one thing you can't really update a bunch of stuff. So I'm clicking example prompts and it gives me some how the Grinch stole Christmas. So let's say explain. let's say I'll have one to say, oh, has voice mode. So let's do one that has to explain to us, I don't know, the gospel of John. Make a presentation that explains the gospel of John to a five-year-old. Cool. So we're going to make one explain the gospel of John to a five-year-old. We're going to say the language is, we're going to keep it, I don't know, um, English, right? Context. Oh, so cool. You can add context. What I'm going to do really quickly is I'm going to upload a sermon I preached on the gospel of John. So one second. So what I did is copy and pasted a sermon I did on the bread of life on the gospel of John. I clicked done here. So I'm asking it to make a presentation that explains the gospel of John to a five-year-old. And then the context I gave was my sermon on the gospel of John. The language you'll collect is this and the theme. These are the themes you have. So this is all the beautiful AI themes. we going to go minimal because that just who I am select theme and Let run it and see what happens This is real time. I'm not going to cut anything out. We're going to see what happens. So it looks like it gave us five slides. Now, this is the free trial version, meaning you get a 14 day free trial. You can do that to select the 14 day free trial. So this is like the pro version of it. And this is what it gave us. Okay. Use gamma. This is terrible. It's cool. It's not worth the money. So in order to get to this point, I had to sign up for the free trial, a 14-day free trial, and then it gave me the 14-day free trial. There seems to be some other opportunities here. you can do collaboration with your team. Um, in all honesty, you can make better slides in Canva and share with your team and you can get that stuff for your business or nonprofit. Um, the style of it, it just, it's not, you'd be better off using Canva to give you what they gave you. They're giving you a basic template. There's less templates that you're able to use. Shout out to the dreamers who built this site. Um, but it's not worth, I would still stay on gamma and you can have, you have way more templates in gamma for free. I would use Canva. You have way better templates in Canva for free. And now with Canva's AI, you can do literally exactly what I just did in beautiful.ai in Canva. So all these ads are not good ads. So this now goes down as an AI tool. You should not use beautiful.ai. All right. Like a subscribe for more. I'm giving you the business for your business. Do not pay for this. Peace.