This is, I think, a different world than you or I grew up in. It is, you know, things have started to change here, and it's all about AI in the classrooms. And listen to these stats because they're pretty stark. One in five students readily admit they've used AI in ways they consider outright cheating on assessments and assignments. An additional 25% operate in that gray area. Only 20% avoid AI entirely, and a large majority of both the public schools and private schools see this as a pressing issue. So how much different does this feel to you than like, so when I went to the school, like we had the internet and you could, that was useful, but it wasn't like you could type in like, I'm reading Chaucer. Could you write me a 25 page this and make it sound like this level? Like there's just so much to deal with. There is. Yeah. And it really is a game changer and I think what's important in my opinion to remember is not only is education changing but the professional skills that our students need are changing too. And so being able to write a five paragraph essay might not be quite as important of a skill as much as the critical thinking behind the essay how you structure it And so I don know if this resonates with you but I always laugh when people put up these memes on Facebook where it like my math teacher told me what do you think you're going to have a calculator in your pocket all the time? And then like whip out their iPhone and like, yeah, I've got the most powerful calculator in the whole world. I think educators, unfortunately, are probably going to have to adjust to say maybe sending kids home to do an assignment is not the best use of time. Maybe it should be more like a workshop in class where we work things through together. I think that what we're going to start to see, and I could be wrong about this, but this is just based off all the stuff I follow, is you're going to start to see a little bit of both. I think you are going to start to see a real rise in the old blue books coming back into classrooms, having to write it out, which is a real bummer for people like me who just have the worst handwriting in America. But I think that they're going to have to start doing some of that or even like oral presentations where you have to stand up in front of the class so that even if you used AI to derive some of the information, you've got to be able to go stand up and prove you have a mastery of the context of what's going on. Because I don't know how else we're going to effectively test people anymore.