Fuck me if I'm wrong, but cheating in school without AI was impossible. Like, I remember back in, like, high school slash my freshman year of college, I would get the most pointless-ass assignments that literally, like, you either knew it or you didn't, and when you didn't know it, you tried to search it up on Google, and, like, nine times out of ten, you would not find the answers, bro. Like, these teachers would literally make up their own test questions, and just, they're so weird, bro. They would literally base it off of somebody else's work and change up the answers. So whenever you searched it up, it would pull up a Quizlet with the answers just like the one you're doing right now, but it's a whole complete different one, if that makes sense. So because of that, you was just doomed. You literally had nothing to do. And then if you did stumble upon something that was the exact same worksheet as the one you was doing right now, you literally had to pay Chegg or some other dumbass website to unlock it. But nowadays, we need a golden era. And I don't want to hear y'all talking about some ChatGPT because that shit is ass. That shit has literally made me fail so many times. It gets everything wrong and it doesn't even make it sound like a human wrote it, bro. You literally still get plagiarized. Like, look at this. I made ChatGPT write an essay about EDP-45, right? I put that shit right into ZeroGPT, right? Look at this. Look at this. ZeroGPT is attached to this 100% AI, bro. That's literally gonna put you, first of all, you're gonna fail that fucking assignment. And then you're gonna have to fucking talk to fucking the dean of the school and explain why you fucking got 100% GPT. But luckily, there's this new website called Stealth AI, and I'm, damn, it's amazing, bro. Literally writes it as if a human wrote it. So, look, I had it write me an EDP essay as well, and look at this shit. I'm gonna put it in zero GPT, and I'm gonna show you out right now. Alright, I'm pasting the essay into zero GPT, and look at this shit, bro. 1.3 AI? Is that not insane, bro? Literally, bro, put it in, turn it in, put it in whatever, bro. It's literally not gonna detect that it's AI, bro. This is a cheat code. Do not let this be seen by your teachers. Please, bro. Only share this video to your friends. But yeah, download and use Stealth AI now.