Italy becoming the first within the EU to make their own specific set of regulations for the use of AI not only shows how much the US is sprinting backwards, but it also is nice to see because I kind of agree with what they're saying. Last year, the EU established their landmark AI Act, which was sort of a widespread set of regulations that was sort of baseline, and it put different AI systems into tiered levels depending on the severity and how dangerous they can be. This year, mid-September, Italy has now established their own set of regulations that are more specific. And I'm going to be honest, I'm kind of here for them. Their apparent aim to promote the use of AI will be human-centric, transparency, and safety. Now, here's three examples of some of the things that they will be doing. The first being they are going to increase the punishments for anyone who is caught using AI to make deepfaked or manipulated content that can cause harm. They're also going to be requiring any healthcare, business, sporting event, or anyone who uses AI to make a decision to have a traceable background to show how they trained that AI to make that decision. So there's no bias as well as have human oversight. And third being anyone under the age of 14 will require a parental consent to use AI, which that one is good, but they're also on the verge of like chat control and mass surveillance. So it's like good, but kind of bad. So it's like a rocky situation there. Now, let's be clear. Some people are going to think that this isn't far enough. Some people are going to think that this is too far. Some people are going to think that this is only the first step and there's some greater plan of control going on. And this is the part of the process. And when it comes to politics, that does happen sometimes. But I think AI regulation overall is a net positive. And I think the US could learn a thing or two from caring about their people instead of being so money hungry and letting Mark Zuckerberg have a data center the size of Manhattan. Manhattan.