You think a stream of water comes out of their eyeballs or something? Wait, like, is this how AI thinks we wash our hands? We just go full, like, hand seizure? Sometimes I dream of spherical cows, and they scream in binary. Okay, that was normal. Cook it up, Granny! There's a lot going on there. And I will never get mixing right. Rolling pin seizure. Wow! Everybody quit baking! Debbie just had a stroke! No, no, if I'm being perfectly honest, I super endorse this video. First of all, it promotes miracles. Boy with no arms? Heck no, not anymore. Thank you, AI Jesus. And it promotes safe baking. Always bake with a responsible adult and don't forget to stick your head in the oven! And you know what? Honestly, why subject your kids to a lame character like Bluey? When you can literally have a character like Debbie D'AHH! Her eyes don't align, but her morals do. Emma's sparkling smile. Oh, I'm sure this is not gonna be demonic at all. Meet Emma. She loves cookies, candy, and giggles with friends. But Emma forgot something very important. Uh-oh. Emma didn't brush her teeth. Again. Ouch! My tooth hurts. Time to visit Dr. D'In! That actually looks kind of real! Hello Emma let chase those sugar bugs away brush twice a day floss and smile big Now Emma brushes every day no more ouchies Brush brush brush make your teeth shine bright Visit your dentist keep your smile sparkling Does this girl literally have a toilet sink? You can take a dump and wash your hands at the same time! You know what, I actually really liked this one. No, and I really mean that. It's actually really great for kids. It has a charming lead character that doesn't look like a serial killer at all. And it teaches kids that if you eat candy and don't brush your teeth, you get bioluminescent neon cheerleader tooth boogers, So you'll have to go see the crocidentist who will tell you brash pinkie today so you can have tinfoil teeth. I mean, these are such great AI morals. Potty training song? Oh yeah, I'm sure AI knows how we go to the bathroom. Get away from me, little psycho! What the hell was that? In a dog bowl? Okay. What is that? What is that? Social squish and water flows. Clean hands dance like a magic show. Daddy cheers, you did it champ. He gives me a star and lights all over. These movements are just not. No, what the hell is that? Okay, I'm okay. Ted got possessed by some kind of demon. I don't know. You know what? In all honesty, though, this one is very educational. It shows the process of how to go to the toilet. First, you get possessed by a demon. Then you take a dump in a dog bowl, and then you wash your giant tumor embryo in the sink, and then you have a celebrational seizure. What, that's not how you go to the bathroom? The ceiling fan told me your secrets. They taste like asparagus Wi-Fi.