And I think what it underscores is the fundamental danger of where we are in a variety of ways from economic policy, because it's emboldening actually Trump on tariffs, because he thinks this is tariffs. He doesn't understand it's all like data center growth, AI growth, Google and everybody kind of spending to the bottom. But the second is, and look, I know bubble talk is always easy and nobody knows when to call it. But at the very least, even if it's not a bubble or any of that, this is a huge risk. Like any portfolio, if the US GDP is a portfolio, to say that 40% of your growth comes from a single sector, from not even just technology, from a single sector of that sector, you should be very afraid. And when 80% of the gains, which all of us rely on, let's say if you're in retirement, you're 401k, that number's got to go up. And it's only going up from one place, which means it can go down from one place, too. A single, you know, we talked about DeepSeekStyle yesterday, .com, anything like that, 2007. I mean, we all remember, right? It can go south very quickly, and then it can go south for a long time. And I can guarantee you, while the gains may only go to the top 10%, that the losses will go to 100%. That's the way that works. Yeah, that's the way it always works. That is the way that works. Well, and it feels like we're sort of like damned if it works out well and damned if it doesn't work out. So obviously, if it ends up just to be like sort of worthless AI flop and, you know, all the grand vision of what AI could be doesn't come to fruition, then you're going to have this massive crash. our economy like the perception of our economy is so tied up with these dramatic stock market gains you know divorce from the reality of the real economy that impacts most people day to day that that collapse would be absolutely devastating and like you said, would have massive effects for everybody, whether you're heavily invested in the stock market or not. If the promise of AI does come to fruition, well, then you've got mass job loss and a need to completely rewrite the social contract. So that seems like, you know, do you guys feel like the country's in a place where we could all get together and have a unifying discussion about what a new social contract might look like? Because I shouldn't feel like we're living in that country. So that's why the landscape is so incredibly terrifying. And, you know, I just I feel like there is such this has been so invisibilized. It's something that's bubbling below the surface, but there is so little attention being paid by the media to this incredibly massive, looming potential problem. And our economy, when they say that it's just one big bet on AI, like policymakers are just sort of like using AI as a bucket catch-all for any sort of problem that they see in the economy. So if they're worried about the debt and the deficit, oh, you know, once we get AI, like that's going to reduce costs, we're going to be able to figure it out. Or if they're worried about sticky inflation, well, AI is going to increase productivity, so we don't have to worry about that. Every problem we're falling behind in terms of like research and development. We're not what we used to be in terms of being the technological juggernaut. Oh, AI will fix that as well. Like it's this incredible wish casting placed on this technology, which is unproven at this point at best and which has not demonstrated, you know, the basic ability even to be profitable at any of these companies.