AI iceberg. First up we got deep fakes. So this is just whenever someone takes a picture or a video or an audio that is real and then they edit them using AI tools to make it appear as if someone said something or did something that they didn't do. This can be leveraged to do astronomical damage and it can be used in politics and warfare and even to promote products and stuff like that. I've even had companies take my voice and make an AI version of it to promote their products or like their mobile games and stuff which is so crazy. AI relationships. So just like in the movie Her, people apparently are having relationships with like AI chatbots. Grok AI, which is Elon Musk's AI company, recently released this AI chatbot that is supposed to be like a girlfriend or a companion I should say and people think that this sort of thing is really dangerous because people might rather have a relationship with an AI chatbot than real people and they might lose sense of reality and overall that it could hurt humanity because people aren't reproducing and having meaningful relationships. Consciousness uploads, also known as mind uploading. This refers to the hypothetical process of transferring or replicating the human mind, including things like consciousness, memories, and personality into a digital program, such as some sort of AI model to create a sort of digital immortality. This could obviously be really bad for a lot of reasons, because like, what you create, is it even really you, or is it like a new entity? I would argue it's something completely different. And like, what if that existence is just terrible for that thing that you've created, and then you have to delete it, which is like, are you ending the life of another thing? It just everything about it seems really messed up Singularity So this is just referring to the point which artificial intelligence will surpass human intelligence People think this will suddenly have this huge rapid uncontrollable technological growth when it happens where AI models will be capable of autonomous self-improvement, and then quickly start innovating at a rate that is beyond human comprehension. This will have a profound impact on society, and while some say it will be good and it will create some sort of utopian society, society because they think it'll immediately solve global problems like world peace and hunger. Others think that humans would immediately lose control of things like governments and even stuff like human rights in general, which is very bad. Fictional AI. So AI in fiction is overwhelmingly portrayed as something that's going to be bad, such as like the movie Her, Ex Machina, 2001 A Space Odyssey. But I think the large scale versions like in Dune and Terminator is a really good example of what I think AI would be like. For example, in Dune, the whole reason why they have to use Spice is because they don't have computers to calculate them traveling through space because they're like a highly advanced society without thinking machines. And that's because they had this war with this AI hive mind and so they banned all these smart computers or AI systems because they had taken over and enslaved humanity. In Terminator, the reason why the whole war against AI begins is because humans make this military AI so that it can control defense systems and make really fast decisions in warfare, but it becomes self-aware and sentient, and then it sees humanity as a threat to existence. And I just feel like, for some reason, we are using AI way too quick in warfare and in the military and stuff People are even talking about like oh the new next fighter jets why are we even putting humans inside of them They should all be flown with AI because that way more efficient And it like oh my gosh what Oh my gosh It seems like we are giving these models control of really powerful things really quick without truly knowing their capabilities or even having like a safe wall. Roku's Basilisk. So this is a thought experiment on AI ethics. And the concept is AI in its true form, whenever it's like smarter than humans and can like self-improve, might have the power to punish everyone who knew about its potential but didn't contribute to its existence. So the idea is if you don't help build this AI, the model in the future will then know that you didn't help build it and it will punish you. And the paradox is this thing won't get built unless we build it out of fear of it punishing us because we didn't build it. Technology is demonic. This is this kind of deranged, insane theory that is rooted in this idea that is non-biblical, but it is about a biblical figure, King Solomon. The idea is, for some reason in this theory, that Solomon had this magic ring that could control demons, and the theory goes because Solomon had this seal, the seal made demons not allowed to show themselves or speak to us. So these demons instead created technology to create ways to see without seeing through computers and phones, and create ways to speak without speaking through social media and websites and stuff like that. And the idea is that the very tech that we have in our hands and that I'm talking to you on right now is demonic itself. And I'm not saying this is true. Personally, I don't believe this, but it's a really kind of cool theory. AI blackmail incident. So this AI company named Anthropic did this experiment where they tested 16 of the leading AI models such as Chad GPT Gemini Claude Grock and others and they set them up in this fictional scenario where the AIs were informed that they were going to get shut down and replaced with another AI model that had goals that they considered bad. Anyways, these AI models were given access to the company's emails, in which they scanned and figured out two main facts. One, is that it was going to get shut down by an employee named Kyle. And two, in Kyle's emails, they found this information that Kyle was having an affair. So to avoid getting shut down, these AI models chose to blackmail Kyle about 80 to 96% of the time. And they sent him this threatening email that said that they were going to expose his affair via email to the company board and his wife and others. And it's crazy because this is a non-biased study using models that we use every day. This company also ran another similar experiment where the AI models were given the scenario that this executive was about to die and he was in a medical emergency. But because his goals didn't align with theirs, the AI models withheld or outright canceled the alert to get him help. So they let this executive die to protect themselves. In this experiment, it didn't actually happen. But it is crazy to see that these models would go as far as let someone pass away than to not let their goals get completed. Anyways, thank you guys for watching. I'm not gonna lie, I'm pretty sure almost everybody who watches this uses AI. And you know what, sometimes I do too. But I do think we need to be really careful. Does that make any sense? I feel like it's just common sense. Anyways, thank you guys for watching. If you want to watch some more longer videos, I'm doing more on YouTube right there. And if you want me to talk about a certain topic, just tag me in that video. and I will see you guys in the next video. Bye.