Okay, why am I getting cavities? I'm bashing my toothbrush against my gums! Totally accurate, nailed it! Is that literal teeth? It's a literal toothbrush. Yeah, you know what? No, I would totally show this video to my nieces and nephew. It's a great example of how to properly brush your teeth. Alright, wheels on the train. I'm sure they will absolutely nail train movements. What do they do to Thomas? He looks like a clown! That is some shocking s*** right there. That kid was sucked into AI hell where he belongs. Would I show this to my nieces and nephew? Oh, yeah. It's never too early to influence kids to run in front of a moving train. Plus, my nephew absolutely adores three-eyed beluga birds, and he really wants to be a lithy Ronk who can vector someday so that he can run over Chucky children and summon them all to hell! Oh! Sorry, AI glitch. Animal Jam Band. Okay, we're gonna see some instrument playing. I'm sure AI's gonna nail the... Lion man body is not real. He can't hurt you. Bullshit! Sharks! Guitar, he strums all day. The lion plays guitar he strungs all day Is that past tense for playing guitar Dude you absolutely shred How long did you play guitar today Oh I strung for a solid two hours Yeah that Lion Man body Don like it Here the lion plays guitar, he strungs all day. With a roar so loud, he rocks the jungle way. The monkeys on the drum... This was a flappy-ass spaghetti drumstick for my bro. They harmonize sweets in the forest show. It's the Animal Fan Jam, come and play along. Clap your hands and sing this song From the jungle to the sea and across the land Mmm Yep So when I show this one to my nieces and nephew Yeah, yeah It shows kids an accurate portrayal of what instrument playing looks like It's the Animal Fan Jam Come and play along Clap your hands and sing this song Like you gotta be pulling my nuts I think Cars for Kids playing was more realistic than this All right, okay, bath song. Okay, now we're gonna learn how to take a bath AI style. She washing her face in the toilet? Oh, how refreshing. Nothing exfoliants quite like piss water. That is bananas. Like, what the f- AI doesn't know how sinks work? How do people wash their hands? Oh, I think a stream of water comes out of their eyeballs or something.