Is the AI bubble about to burst? What is the AI bubble and why is everyone so afraid it's going to burst? So a market bubble is something that happens when the price of an asset like stocks or property go over its intrinsic value. Now, intrinsic value sounds complicated, but it's not. It's just a fancy way of saying the real true worth of something. So when a market bubble is happening, it just means people are paying more for a thing than it's actually worth. Let's use an apple as an example. Imagine you have an apple and the intrinsic value of the apple is based on things like its taste, its nutritional value, or the fact that you can use it for other recipes, etc. So let's say the apple's intrinsic value is 50p. The market value, on the other hand, is just what people are willing to pay for the apple. So say, for example, there's lots of hype around this apple. Everyone wants it. It's the best apple ever. People are talking about it on social media. Everyone wants in and the market value of this apple is now The intrinsic value is still 50p but the market value is 25 pounds which means that people are willing to pay way more than the intrinsic value Eventually if and when the hype dies down the price of the Apple will slowly go down. It works the exact same way for stocks in that sometimes they can be overvalued. So when people are talking about the AI bubble, they're talking about any AI related companies that there's lots of excitement about right now. And people are willing to put up a lot of money in these companies more than they're actually worth because of the hype surrounding them or the excitement or the fear of missing out. We've seen examples of companies that are actually making very little profit, but their valuations are huge. Now, eventually, if these companies don't live up to the hype and the excitement, then the value of the asset is going to drop and investors are going to lose money, which is essentially the bubble bursting. And that's basically it. That's what it means when people say the AI bubble is going to burst or any market bubble is going to burst. They just mean that eventually the price of it is going to drop and people are going to lose money. My name's Anera, I'm co-founder of Money Circuit, and on this page we talk about all things personal finance, so if you're interested, please follow us.