How can AI kill the internet? We are starting to see bigger and bigger models fed with a lot of data that can be as big as the whole internet. And that can be a problem. Look what happens when I do a quick search on Google. And by the way, this is not only about Google, more and more search engines are starting to do the same thing. We are getting an AI overview. And to be honest, this information alone is often more than enough to answer our question. But even if the short answer is not enough for us, we can scroll down, get more information, and even dive deeper in AI mode. We are seeing the sources here, but does anyone actually click on them? And this may not seem as a problem, but it can be. Information that the AI model has is based on previous information that was once posted on the internet. And people have motivations to post that kind of information. Maybe they had a blog, maybe they had a webpage. And the good thing was that they can put ads on their webpage so they could share information for free and they got paid for it But now we starting to interact only with a chatbot We are not going into the web pages What is the motivation for someone to post or even create a webpage or a blog if he knows that that webpage or blogs is never going to be visited? And not only that webpage is not going to be visited, but all that information is going to be fed to an AI model so that a company can benefit of it. Maybe we are entering an era where no one wants to generate content in the internet. And this is really bad because these AI models cannot learn by themselves. They need information to learn from the information, but who is going to generate that information? Of course, you could argue that this model visits the web pages, but that is not useful for the creator. Only bots are visiting the web page. Why would that be useful for an advertiser on your web page? And more and more what we are seeing is that the percentage of bots in the internet is increasing. Maybe we reach a point where 80% of the users of the internet are not humans and are bots scraping, generating and consuming content. And by the way, I will be talking about AI here, so if you are interested, follow me.