Imagine kind of two axes on the x-axis, you have increasing the power of society. So it's like AI is like rolling out, increasing the power of individuals. Individuals, businesses, science labs, 16-year-olds get an AI model from GitHub. This is open source it, deregulate it, accelerate it. It's the let it rip axis. And in that axis, everyone gets all these benefits, increased productivity. Yeah, this all sounds good at first. But because that power is not bound with responsibility, There's no one preventing people from using that power in dangerous ways. It's also increasing the risk of cyber hacking, flooding our environment, deep fakes, frauds, scams, dangerous things with biology. Whatever the models can do, there's no thing stopping people from using it that way. And so the end game of that is what we call chaos. And that's one of the probable places that this can go. In response to that, this other community in AI says that we should do this safely. We should lock this up, have regulated AI control, just have a few trusted players. And the benefit of that is that it like a you know a biosafety level four lab like this is a dangerous activity we should do this in a safe lockdown way But because AI confers all this power the million geniuses in a data center and you just make crazy amounts of money with that that'll create the risk of just unprecedented concentrations of wealth and power. So like, who would you trust to be a million times more wealthy or powerful than anybody else, like any government or any CEO or any president? we actually need to walk the narrow path where we want to avoid chaos. We want to avoid dystopia, which means the walking the narrow path means that the power that you're handing out into society is held either by oversighted, more centralized actors or bound with more responsibility by decentralized actors. So power in general being matched with responsibility. We've done this with like airplanes, right? Like chaos would be you hand everybody an airplane with no requirement for pilots training or pilots licenses, and the world would naturally look like plane crashes. And the other way is you have an FAA and a world where only elites get to use airplanes and they get many advantages over everybody else. And we walked the narrow path with airplanes. AI is a lot harder. It's a decentralized technology. But I think we need more principles in how we navigate it. And that's what the TED Talk was about.