Are we in an AI bubble? I'm sure you've seen this chart floating around showing the insane financial round tripping happening inside the AI world. And for some, it's starting to look a little bubbly. So I thought I'd take a few minutes to actually unpack all of this. Who is investing in whom? And what do each of these players actually do? OpenAI is at the heart of this. They're both the biggest builder and spender in AI. They're the maker of ChatGPT and various other frontier models, which all need massive computing power. Which means that OpenAI buys billions of dollars in gpus from nvidia nvidia in many ways is kind of the fuel and financier of this entire machine they make most of the chips powering nearly every ai model recently nvidia even agreed to invest up to a hundred billion in open ai itself at the same time you have open ai spending about 300 billion dollars on cloud infrastructure with oracle which you can kind of think of as the landlord in this ecosystem those oracle data centers also run on nvidia chips so oracle pays nvidia but also hosts open ai then zooming out you actually have a whole supporting cast of other players there's core weave which is one of the new breakout players in the ai cloud world their entire business is built around renting nvidia gpus to ai startups and nvidia owns about seven percent of core weave and buys about six billion dollars of cloud capacity from them and in turn core weave allocates most of its capital expenditures about four billion in the first half of 2025 alone towards nvidia hardware purchases and then open ai pays core weave up to 22 billion to rent compute So in many ways CoreWeave is kind of a middleman circling money between Nvidia and OpenAI too And then you have AMD which is NVIDIA main rival OpenAI recently signed a deal to deploy tens of billions of dollars worth of AMD chips. In return, AMD gave OpenAI the option to acquire up to 160 million AMD shares, which is worth around 10% ownership. So here, OpenAI is now both a customer and a potential shareholder. Then there's XAI, which is Elon Musk's AI startup, which has formed a pretty substantial partnership with NVIDIA for a $20 billion lease-to-own deal for NVIDIA chips, which at the same time, NVIDIA invested about $2 billion back into XAI. It's also worth noting that this is all happening at the big tech and government layer too. Microsoft is OpenAI's biggest backer. They invested billions and host ChatGPT on Azure and now power Copilot with it. So they both fund OpenAI and resell its output. Amazon and Google are doing the same with Anthropic. Amazon invested $8 billion and Google invested $3 billion. and now they're hosting it on AWS and Google Cloud and buying the same NVIDIA chips underneath. Meta is also in here too, but they're building their own Lama models, but they still buy tens of thousands of NVIDIA GPUs. The last big one I'll include here is Intel, which is trying to get back into relevance. They just got a $5 billion investment from NVIDIA and a 10% government stake through the chips act, which means that even the US government is technically part of this. All of these connections make the AI economy look enormous and it is, but you can see here how they're all highly interdependent. And some people actually think this is a virtuous and sustainable cycle, but other people are calling it what it looks like, which is a lot of financial round tripping. I hope this was helpful and let me know if you have any other questions.