If you've ever asked Perplexity to give you a definition of the word plagiarize, it may have plagiarized it. Merriam-Webster sued Perplexity for copyright infringement on September 10th this year. Their complaint says that the AI is deliberately bypassing their website protections and misappropriating their content. And if you ask Perplexity, it's not shy telling you about it. This isn't Perplexity's first rodeo. News Corp also filed suit against the LLM in December 2024 for plagiarizing their content as well. This case is still in discovery. Perplexity has investors like Jeff Bezos to pack it up so I suppose the company can afford a few lawsuits to the tune of ask forgiveness instead of permission. There are already similar lawsuits going on against AI models right now, including Anthropic who was accused of pirating books to train their model Claude. Giving them human names is not my favorite. OpenAI is also on the hook for copyright infringement as well as defamatory hallucinations on ChatGPT. Won't be long now before they tear us to shreds. In the Mark Walters versus OpenAI lawsuit back in 2023 the court commented that the OpenAI made efforts to reduce hallucinations and had their little disclaimer Chat2BT can make mistakes It's like the caution, contents may be hot stamp on the McDonald's coffee. OpenAI ended up winning that suit. Then there's Meta, who settled the hallucinary defamation suit with Robbie Starbuck by agreeing to have him on as a consultant to address political bias in their LLM. I'm sure he's the most qualified guy to be able to do that. These are just the high-profile lawsuits that are public. There are even more suits just like these, but they either settled or went to arbitration early in the litigation process. The lesson here is that these large language models shouldn't get a free pass for copyright infringement and defamation, so hopefully these lawsuits make sure of that. At Bank Law, we have innovative ways to support our clients that may be dealing with AI-related legal issues. The laws may be slow to change, but our attorneys stay ahead of the curve and adapt to emerging technology. So if you're facing an issue with defamation, online privacy, copyright infringement, feel free to reach out to us. And one more thing, maybe think twice before making an AI chatbot edit your manuscript.