Did you hear the rumor that AI is destroying our planet and you're wondering if it's real or if it's just old people being scary? Well, it's a little bit of both. When you type a question into AI, it doesn't just find the answers that already exist like Google does. AI has to create an answer just for you from scratch every single time. To do that, millions of calculations fire up instantly inside huge servers located in massive data centers. These buildings are filled with thousands of computers working nonstop and all that working produces heat. Though the data centers have to use even more electricity to keep everything cool. Where does that electricity come from? Well, most of it comes from burning coal and natural gas, which in turn produces carbon dioxide, the same stuff that heats up the planet. Now imagine millions of people asking questions, generating images and chatting with AI every single day. and every single time it's like turning on a power plant behind your screen. The consequences are real. The more energy burn, it means more carbon in the air. More carbon means global warming Our planet will overheat When our planet gets too warm the ice at the North and the South Pole melts which makes the oceans rise, flooding the coastal cities and people lose their lives and their homes. When our climate gets too warm, the crops get overheated, which leads to a shortage of food. Even animals are impacted because overheating changed the dynamic of the forests, rivers, and the ice that they live in, and they can't adapt, so they end up dying. AI isn't evil, it can do amazing things, but every time you use it, it uses a massive amount of energy, which over time will hurt our planet in ways we won't be able to fix. If you wanna enjoy AI, do you wanna know the most simple thing you can do to slow down the energy it burns? Stop adding punctuation, specifically question marks. AI already knows you're asking the question. One less character type is less energy consumed. That's the most simple way to make a big difference. There's so much to look forward to. Let's make sure our planet survives so we can see it. What do you think of this story? Leave a comment to let me know. I'm Tierra with a T. Follow for more.