Now, I'm about to switch the conversation on your toonk because I know you're going to feel why I'm going with this. Let's go. AI. Artificial intelligence. They had a whole Kendrick Lamar song out here, this thing, man. I mean, with the AI. How do you feel like that's going to impact hip-hop moving forward? Because, I mean, my question is, will it come to a point where I'll say, AI, give me a DJ toonk track using Frankie Beverly and Maze? well I think somewhere in the equation we're going to have to catch this shit at an early stage to the point to where some type of laws are going to have to be passed to where if this AI sounds so much like DJ Toomp Toomp is going to get royalties off this AI especially if that was your request from this AI to give you the soul and the vibe of DJ Toomp if that's the request there's got to be a way that that request has been proven to be requested yeah yes I don't give a fuck if it's something that I never produced but if you tell this AI to give you toot got to get some type of royalties attorneys it's got to be something just like you know the Robin Thicke thing you just changed the game yeah they didn sample that Marvin Gaye but they know that was that feel Come on They won that lawsuit So yes AI yeah please make a DJ Toop track And if it sounds, and especially if that's a request, yeah, Toop's supposed to get royalties off that. So, now, if that, I ain't going to say if, when that law is set, it sets the stone, oh, I'm happy for it. But if they think they're going to just create my shit, and I don't get nothing from it, and it sounds just like me, all my elements, a Toop feel, no, yeah, we got to pass some new laws. and I would love to I already was trying to get the law for the whole other thing and that's what I'm about man I'm far from being an attorney I'm not a lawyer but I understand what's right and what's wrong if you make a request for this thing to give you the sound and feel of this person that person should get something off of that shit period but if that law is not implicated in that oh bro it's about to be a problem I would be waking up a mad man I would be upset I haven't been mad in a long time bro people done disappointed me all Just let me down, but just being upset and on some Hulk shit. The Hulk shit. What? That shit turned me green, bro. They're like, damn, boy, about eight beats out of that sound. Just like me. And I'm not getting nothing from it. Oh, no. Oh, no.