All right, I'm gonna go ahead and say it. We should ban AI. We should ban AI. We should ban AI. Oh, did I mention we should ban AI? Because the government should totally ban AI. Shit, if you ask me, AI put the puta and computadora, okay? I hate AI. I fucking hate AI. I know, I know the government banning AI is not gonna happen, but if I had it my way, we would ban AI. Just completely shut the shit down. Like, because it's getting scary. Like, have you seen all these new Sora AI videos on your for you page like and people can't tell the difference between like like people in the comments like think that it's real like I've seen videos of like Martin Luther King doing stand-up comedy and shit and it's not funny at all it's not funny at all this whole technology is not amusing or even slightly like just the whole thing I we should shut the shit down here's my main concern like eventually we're not going to be able to tell what videos are real and what's not real on the internet. I know they put a watermark on the AI videos now, but like, what if that goes away? Like we're supposed to trust a watermark? Like, you know, cause like easily, like here's what I think is eventually going to happen. Eventually the government is going to use this technology to deceive the masses. Like take for instance, like what happened to Charlie Kirk, like let say hypothetically that was faked Like what if that was just an AI video and Charlie Kirk was hiding off in Argentina or some shit like that but no it sounds ridiculous but no we have the technology and it it only going to get better The tech not the the videos are only going to get more and more realistic And yeah you're, you're delusional. If you don't think that the government is going to use this technology to deceive us, like, but to me, one of the most disgusting aspects of AI is that, but the fact that eventually AI is going to replace all artistic people, all creative people, like all actors, comedians, singers, rappers, painters, you name it. All human art is going to die because of AI. That's what's going to happen. And to me, that's just disgusting. Like there's nothing interesting or exciting about this new technology. I'm just really just concerned about the whole thing, but I don't know. What are you guys' thoughts on this? Like who, are there anybody, is anybody like a huge advocate for AI? Cause I know some people love AI. Some people say, oh, this is great new technology. I'm, I'm disgusted by it. And I find it quite frightening, quite frankly but the only way a ban on ai would work is if like if is it the entire world did it if all countries did it because if we just the america if just america did it then other countries would be more advanced technologically than us so we can't just we can't just do it ourselves we the whole world has to come together as a planet and say we don't want this shit on our planet like we all have to do so i don't know how that would work feasibly like like i said a ban is not likely to happen, but that's my position on it. We should totally ban AI. I'm against it. When it comes to AI, I'm fully against it.