Behind me is the start of what will be the largest cluster of non-NVIDIA chips in the world, an Amazon's newest data center mega project, now fully operational here in New Carlisle, Indiana. These seven completed buildings replaced empty cornfields fast in about a year. Once completed, the project will connect hundreds of thousands of Amazon's own custom Tranium 2 chips and soon Tranium 3 across the U.S., entirely devoted to running AI workloads for a single customer, OpenAI rival Anthropic. Backed in part by Google and some $8 billion from Amazon, Anthropic's chatbot Claude has exploded in popularity, especially among coders. So they're already running about 500,000 chips in Indiana today. And in fact, it's going so well that they've actually doubled down in that order. And we expect jointly we'll be running more than a million Trinium 2 chips by the end of this year. We got the first on-camera tour inside what Amazon's dubbing Project Rainier. And it coming online amid hundreds of billions in AI infrastructure build announcements Microsoft has a new data center in Wisconsin Meta has one in Louisiana OpenAI made a flurry of deals with NVIDIA Oracle AMD and Samsung Compute demand is at an all high But some are concerned about a possible overbuild. I think they're still building on a proposition that we may not end up seeing be realized. It's just crazy how much building is going on. Here in Indiana, this is just the first phase, with two more campuses under construction now for a total of 30 buildings on some 1,200 acres. It'll consume 2.2 gigawatts of electricity, enough to power more than a million homes, and millions of gallons of water, which has some local leaders and residents worried. Amazon is saving billions in both county and state-approved tax breaks. It's just difficult to keep losing farmland, but you just do the best you can and make the best of the situation. As Amazon plans out more facilities for Project Rainier in Mississippi and beyond, we sit down with top leaders to ask how this Indiana site came together so quickly, where all that power will come from, and how Anthropic will train its AI here entirely without NVIDIA.