Amazon just laid off 30,000 people and everyone's talking shit saying that it's related to AI, but this is the real truth that most people aren't going to admit. When people think about AI layoffs, they think of like robots taking their jobs or AI, you know, coming in and actually displacing their job. But in reality, it's not at all AI automation that's taking away these jobs. What is really fucking up the job market is the cost of chips. And no, I'm not talking about the snack. I'm talking about NVIDIA GPU chips. So you've got this company right here Nvidia that sells their chips to everyone and the chips are actually how we power AI and none of the major cloud providers can get enough chips in stock right now And to be honest, not a lot of people know this but Amazon AWS, you know The big outage that we just had not too long ago as an estimated 25% burning backlog on GPUs, so in other words, they're missing out on a lot of money because other companies are begging Amazon AWS AWS for more compute and they can't fulfill those requests because they can't buy more GPUs and they can buy more GPUs because they only had budgeted for a certain amount So at the end of the day yes these jobs are being affected by AI but in this case is the burning corporate demand for GPU chips And it's really fucking up Amazon so bad that they have to find other ways to reduce fixed costs so that way they can satisfy their clients and their overall margin of their business. Now you might be thinking who gives a fuck? They're all billionaires anyways, right? But in a company like Amazon's case, their margins are all extremely thin other than their service Amazon AWS. And for lack of better words, Wall Street is kind of pissed because it's fucking up their business as well. They're expecting Amazon AWS to continue growing that high margin side of their business. So the 18% year over year growth rate this past quarter was something Wall Street was not happy to hear. But they can't fix the issue if they can't buy more chips. And they can't buy more chips unless they destroy their profit margins. At the end of the day, chips are so fucking expensive that the only way they can actually cut costs is by going after fixed costs, jobs or salaries. At the end of the day, that's what's happening.