Artificial intelligence is making your electricity worse. You might not have even known that that was a possibility, for your power to be good or bad. We typically experience electricity in a binary sense of available or not, but it can be judged in a qualitative sense as well. And the electricity near AI data centers? Well, it's bad. This is what your power is supposed to look like, at least in North America—a 60 Hz sine wave. AI, however, is causing it to look a bit more like this. These are harmonic distortions—deviations from perfection. Now, power is never perfect. There's always some harmonic distortion, but there's a threshold that is considered acceptable—8%, and when a household is near a major data center cluster, research has indicated that the likelihood that readings exceed that threshold goes dramatically up. This has implications. Your refrigerator, for example, includes a motor to operate its compressor. When the current is not smooth, the fluctuations in power will lead to fluctuations in torque as it spins around its axis, meaning, in addition to the rotational force it's intended to create, it'll also create oscillations as it spins. As these oscillations interact with the motor casing and surrounding components, it creates noise, a rattling sound. So that's to say, AI is making your refrigerator louder. And that noise is more than just annoying. It's representative of mechanical stress that will lead that motor to die out sooner, spoiling your groceries and mandating a costly cumbersome fix The same applies to all the rest of your electronics The 8 harmonic distortion threshold is set since it what normal household appliances can handle without shortening their lifespans so incrementally and ever so slightly, AI is costing you money by making your electronics wear down faster. It's no secret that artificial intelligence, in its current form, is tremendously energy-intensive. That undoubtedly matters, but demand is potentially the simpler problem to solve, especially when ignoring carbon goals. The issue is not just how much power AI uses, it's how and where it uses it. Making AI a net positive for everyday Americans, in particular, considering the tech sector's concentration in the country, will be an enormous challenge not just due to the potential implications on employment and creativity and disinformation and more, but also just due to the sheer strain on the electric grid. This decade's most revolutionary technological breakthrough is housed within the nondescript walls of buildings like this spread across the US and the world. These are AI data centers. Now, data centers, the generic kind, are really nothing new. Take Google, for instance. They opened this one in 2003, this one in 2007, and this one in 2009, just to name a few. From harboring personal emails and documents saved to Google's cloud to powering Google maps or hosting third-party virtual machines or apps, it's this network of brick-and-mortar data centers that's providing the physical infrastructure for Google to become a one-stop shop for all things cloud computing for decades now. And like a simple Google search or Gmail response relies on these data centers so too does an AI query Where the difference lies between a cloud computing data center and an AI data center is in the chips processing units at the heart of them In the middle of 2024, the title of world's most valuable public company belonged not to Microsoft or Apple, but to NVIDIA, a company historically recognized and associated with its ties to video game development. From a $400 billion market cap to $3 trillion in a couple of years, the astronomical rise of NVIDIA was largely attributable to what they're able to supply for AI data centers, the H100 GPU chip. GPUs, or Graphic Processing Units, are what make AI possible. At the simplest level, these chips are capable of working through all the tasks laid out by AI at the same time through parallel processing. Meaning, their thousands of cores, each effectively a tiny calculator, can solve thousands of equations at the exact same time. Tasks that a core processing unit just can't do at the same scale. If a CPU, which is what you'll typically find running the show within a data center, is an electric car capable of taking care of one process extremely quickly and efficiently, then a GPU is a semi-truck, getting a whole lot of tasks done at once, but taking a good bit of gas to do it. Powering such semi-trucks like Nvidia's H100 takes a lot of energy. At peak power consumption, an H100 consumes 700 watts, not far off from a small household appliance like an air fryer. But when run at 61% annual utilization for an entire year, this consumption starts to creep up to about the consumption of a typical American household. Pushing demand higher is the fact that to run any sort of AI infrastructure a data center needs tens of thousands of these GPUs to run even the simplest of large language models Now the power required begins to look like that of a small city. And the demand for more energy is set to grow. While the far more powerful B100 and B200 chips use roughly the same amount of energy as the H100, AI models are asking more and more of the physical infrastructure. Take the total amount of compute required to train a current AI model. This is measured in flops, floating-point operations per second, or really, petaflops, which is one quadrillion flops. This is a graph of required compute per model. Consider the y-axis that makes this possible to even plot. The growth is exponential. GPT-1, for instance, required 18,000 petaflops, while GPT-4 required some 21 billion. When, or if the demand or the technological advancements that make such data processing possible to begin with ever begin to slow is difficult to tell. But in the meantime, as models consume orders of magnitude more data, the sheer power demand will continue to rise with it. The very core of large language models—the chips themselves—are only getting more and more capable, so while issues of latency on account of physical spacing, or power supply, or even data availability represent real constraints and challenges, companies are racing one another to get around them and pushing the technology forward in doing so. But higher total demand for electricity is only part of what makes AI data centers difficult to deal with on the ground. Actually producing the power is only a component of what has experts concerned. The world was already in the midst of a transition towards renewable energy sources, meaning there's