If you're a mom who's broke and you want to make a shit ton of money really quickly, stop scrolling because I have the coolest thing to show you and you're going to want to save this for later. You're going to become a mom AI influencer and make your first thousand dollars online and I'm going to show you exactly how to do it. And you're going to do all of this without having to show your face if you don't want to. I'm excited. Go to chat to me tea. I said give me 20 ebook ideas I could sell for the mom niche using my mom AI influencer. Gave me strong ideas that other moms would want to pay for immediately to help them. Then it's going to give you all these really good ideas to make for an ebook. Choose one for this example. I'm just going to do this one right here. Then go and find this on Google and use it. It's free. This is the AIPRM chat GPD prompts. No one talks about this and this is super cool. So once you have that, your screen will look like this and you have all these different things you can click on. And I love to use the write a complete book in one click. Then you're going to enter that topic that we just chose. I'm going to paste it here and then I going to go ahead and run it and then it going to start writing my entire ebook for me How cool is this And all for free too You can literally see in real time actually writing out chapter one for us right now. So after it writes your whole entire ebook for you, go through it. Make sure that you actually like what it says. You can also go through and you know put it in Canva and make it look even nicer. You can add things, take away things, whatever you want to do. then if you're going to change it up on canva download as a pdf and then you're going to want to use a link in bio store so you can use stand store which i love or you can also use beacons which is free upload it onto your stand store now you need to make your mom ai influencer if you're taught by the right person this is super easy to do i thought you had to know how to code and stuff to make an ai influencer no you don't actually if you're taught by the right person literally like a 12 year old could do this i took the course aika so that's the one i recommend i actually took two courses. One was kind of expensive, actually $500, but the one I recommend is only $147, but it only on sale for like I don know it ends any day now And it literally going to teach you how to make an AI influencer who looks like the same person every time who looks very realistic who you can like bring to life and make them do anything you want them to do in a video. You can create photos like this. Here's another cute one that I did. You can literally do anything you want though. Then we can bring this photo to life. Here's what it looks like when you bring it to life. This is actually so cute. You can't tell me that's not so freaking cute. Oh, I love it. Okay. So then what you would do is you would take this video and you'll put text on the screen, having it market your digital product. So if you don't know like what text put on the screen to actually market your digital product, here's what you can do. I'm literally giving you guys all of the information. Go back to Chachapiti, tell them which ebook you decided to make, and then tell them the video you made for this, and then ask them to give you different ideas that you should actually put on top of the video to make it sell your ebook And here give me a bunch of ideas So it said the secret to getting chores done and keeping your little one happy. She thinks she's helping me clean, dot, dot, dot. Honestly, she kind of is. Cleaning used to feel impossible until I found hacks that actually work. This one's a good one. Then you just rinse and repeat this every single day. And this is how you make money with AI influencers. I think this is the coolest thing in the world. I made $13,000 my first month doing this with my AI influencer named Tatiana. So if I can make $13,000, you can at least make $1,000. If you go to the page you're watching me on right now, go to my link in my bio. And this is the exact course that I took that taught me how to make my trained AI influencer who always looks like the same person, how to bring them to life, how to do the prompting, how to make them talk, everything all inside here. It's on sale for $147, but this sale goes away any day. So if you're able to and you really want to take this serious, I would get into here. Comment any questions you have below and go make that money. I'm telling you, this is the most fun you'll ever have in your life actually making money.