I just learned how to make chai! And it's not called chai tea because chai stands for chai! Anyways, this chai is certified busing! Remember when everybody said busing in 2020? What did that even really mean? Anyways, this chai is really good, but you know what's even better? Sugar cookie ice chai! Oh! Anyways, this chai is so delicious! You just don't understand. This chai is so good! La boo boo! La boo boo! I'm so fucking excited. It's Christmas time. It's Christmas time. Merry Christmas. I know. I don't want to hear no Thanksgiving. Thanksgiving Don forget about it Girl I don care about Thanksgiving Come on I don need the extra carbs anyhow Am I right Anyways what are you guys wanting for Christmas huh My little son, he really wants, what's it called, K-pop demon slayers? Oh, fuck, I don't know. He wants a fucking toy from that. I'm like, my little son would have bought, like, I don't know what the hell he's talking about. But he really does. He likes it. So, I mean, I got to support him as a good mother. Yeah, that's right. bubonic plague making its big re-up in the big 26 so don't make no plans for no winter arcs don't make no new year's resolutions i am coming to bite you in the ass and give you the bubonic plague let's go that's it i'm not going what the hell celebrate the grinch come on so basically um they literally are yeah oh my god guys like literally this child oh my god like literally you literally like this is an air one dupe no literally i think the filler going to my brain now Time to go to Pilates Get ready Get ready. No, it's just like, get ready. Get ready. Get ready. Oh, fuck. My bangs are looking so damn bad. My hairdresser, she's usually good, but, you know, her and Daryl are having trouble, so I think she kind of took it out of my fucking bangs. sorry y'all my ass the reflex it's coming back yeah okay so yeah she took it out of my bangs like daryl and darlene be having trouble and then she fucking takes it out on me like i would never do that to you honey so i mean we're just gonna have to live with it because i love darlene i will stay by her yeah i've been getting my hair cut by her since i was probably in my mother's womb she was probably sticking the scissors up in my mama's coot or cutting my little hair she actually did cut my umbilical cord so basically she been with me my whole life so i can never leave her but she really did a bad job this time y Don tell her She going through a rough time Hey everybody Hey, seriously, bro. Literally fucked the patriarchy. Oh, God. Oh, this is just my fucking feminine literature. My matcha's sitting over there, though. my little boo boo yes no like literally i'm on trend like i know like like women's lives are like honestly horrible y'all know christmas is coming up and it's just ridiculous like y'all jesus is the reason for the season. Seriously, but Jesus is the reason for the season. Okay. Remember that when you're out shopping, okay? Jesus is the reason for the season.