Hello, welcome back to The Void. It's business talk time. No, I'm not on fire. Those are just my GPUs. I want to talk about the state of AI. Obviously, everyone's been asking, is it a bubble? Now, as someone who is terminally online, I have looked high and low for every conceivable opinion, and there are a lot of them, and I created a little slideshow, the state of the bubble. First opinion, Jim Cramer, the goat, saying, don't listen to the skeptics. Keep an open AI mind, and he's a believer. Even though there are countless AI skeptics, the market clearly believes that OpenAI can afford to spend tens of billions of dollars on AMD's highest end chips in addition to NVIDIA's chips. I know that I am a believer. Now, on the other hand, you have people questioning all the amount of investment in these AI companies. Someone actually asked Mark Zuckerberg, you know, all this money you're investing, is it worth it? Mark says, you know, maybe we're going to misspend, But it's worth the risk. It's a lot of money. It is. And if we end up misspending a couple of hundred billion dollars, I think that that is going to be very unfortunate, obviously. But what I'd say is I actually think the risk is higher on the other side. If you build too slowly and then super intelligence is possible in three years, but you built it out assuming it would be there in five years, then you're just out of position on what I think is going to be the most important technology that enables the most new products and innovation and value creation and history. Obviously, it's from a CEO's perspective in big tech. You have to get on board the ship just in case it takes off and becomes the biggest product ever. But then you also have people outsiders maybe like Hank Green who are looking at a series of bubbles and saying maybe this is a bubble Took a little bit of time for me to parse and once I did it kind of terrified me I going to show it to you as well What a good little visualization we have on our hands here How NVIDIA and OpenAI fuel the AI money machine. It just seems messy. It seems like bubble mechanics to me, you guys. Yeah, Hank Green says maybe looks like bubble mechanics. I'm going to remind you guys that we're doing short clips here. So I'll leave the links to the full things below. If you want to watch the full videos, get their whole perspective on the thing. This is obviously a very truncated version of that. I'm just trying to give you a sense of the wide variety of takes on this whole thing. We have Paul Tudor Jones saying that if there's a bubble, it's a very small bubble. 54% of fund managers think that we're in an AI bubble. If it's a bubble, it's a small one. If you think about the bubbles of the past three or four decades, The NICI in 89, NASDAQ at 99, biotech just after 2011, 12, China 2007. All those were 400 to 600 percent gains. The NASDAQ's up 200 percent off the bottom. So I don't know whether we're going to blow off like we did in 1999. Is it possible? Are all the ingredients in place? I think clearly they are. For me, the one thing that you can never, ever forget is that a year from today, assuming that the president gets his wishes, that the Fed funds rate is going to probably be 2.5% overnight rates or 275. That's a really compelling story for higher equity prices. So there you go. all the ingredients might be in place, but it could go higher from here is Paul's point because of some macro economics. Then you also have the perspective that actually it's a huge bubble, not a