Which AI should you use and for what job? I get asked that all the time. So here are the big AI chatbots, what they're best at and when to use them. So firstly, of course, chat GPT. That's like your daily driver, right? It just remembers everything you talk about. So over time, it becomes more personalized. It's basically your second brain. And it's got project folders. It's got custom GPTs, lots more. It's the best one at deep research where you get these professional level reports on any topic spanning thousands of words and maybe hundreds of sources on the internet and it's also got quite a unique feature agent mode which literally does tasks for you completely autonomously across the internet across your work apps claude is your wordsmith so writers love it because it has a great sense of tone and it can mimic your different writing styles it's also brilliant at making ready to download documents spreadsheets and presentations just ask it and it does the whole thing and it's new skills feature means you can teach claude something once and it will do that task for you anytime in any chat. I've got a tutorial coming on that soon. Follow me if you're interested. Google Gemini is like your creative department, right? It's a bit light on features at the moment in general, but its image generation is the best out there thanks to a model called Nano Banana. It also the best at editing images whether they your own ones or ones that you generated Also its video generator VO3 can create unbelievably realistic videos complete with sound voice music and effects Kimi K2 just launched their thinking model, which has beaten all Western models on the benchmark tests this week. It's made a lot of headlines, so you can use that for free. It's incredibly intelligent and capable. You can upload up to 50 files at once, which I find very useful. Randomly, it's also very good at creating PowerPoints. PowerPoints. Perplexity is great for research. Even though ChatGPT and the rest can now search the web, Perplexity is particularly good at pulling out specific facts and figures. It kind of just knows you're in research mode and it's really tuned for that. And you can actually get Perplexity Pro for free for a year. You might have seen other people talking about this, that if you're a customer of things like PayPal, Revolut, lots of other companies, they're giving away a Perplexity Pro membership as a perk at the moment. Just Google that to find out about it. And finally, The Llama from Meta is like your secure offline AI. That runs on your computer so data never leaves your machine and that's great for analyzing large documents and writing up things for you in a completely secure, safe way, but the trade-off is no internet access or real-time info. So in short, ChatGPT for everyday stuff, Claude for writing, Gemini for visuals, Kimi for free super intelligence, Perplexity for research and Llama for security.