Oh... O-oh... Wo-oh... Mmm... No clouds in my storm Let it rain, I hydroplane in the bank Coming down with the Dow Jones When the clouds come, we go, we rock a flare We fly higher than weather In G5s or better, you know me In anticipation for precipitation Stack chips for the rainy day J. Rain Man is back With Little Miss Sunshine Rihanna where you were You have my heart And we'll never be worlds apart Maybe in magazines But you still be my star baby Cause in the dark you can see shiny cars And that when you need me there with you I always have you good When the sun shined, we shined together, told you I'll be here forever, said I love Always be your friend, took an oath, I'ma stick it out till the end Now that it's raining more than ever, know that we'll still have each other You can stand under my umbrella, you can stand under my umbrella L-A-L-A Under my umbrella L-A-L-A Under my umbrella L-A-L-A Under my umbrella L-A-L-A-L-A These fancy things Will never come in between You're part of my entity Here for infinity When the world took its part When the world has dealt its scars If the end is hard Together we'll mend your heart Because When the sun shined, we shined together Told you I be here forever Said I always be your friend Took an oath I stick it out till the end Now that it raining more than ever No that we still have each other You can stand under my umbrella You can stand under my umbrella L-O-L-A Under my umbrella L-O-L-A Under my umbrella L-O-L-A Under my umbrella L-O-L-A You can run into my arms It's okay, don't be alone Come into me There's no distance in between our love So gonna let the rain flow Oh, I'll be all you need in my home because, oh. When the sun shines, we shine together. Told you I'll be here forever. Said I'll always be your friend. Took an oath. I'ma stick it out to the end. Now that it's raining more than ever, know that we'll still have each other. You can stand under my umbrella. you can stand under my umbrella L-A-L-A Under my umbrella L Under my umbrella L Under my umbrella L under my umbrella L under my umbrella L under my umbrella L it raining rain oh baby it raining baby coming to me coming to me It's raining Oh baby It's raining You can always come Into me Coming Into me It's pouring rain It's pouring rain Coming to me Come into me It's pouring rain It's pouring rain Come into me Deep you