Today we're going to talk about how Italy has passed a law regulating AI use in the workplace. And I think it's a fantastic law. And I want to talk about all the things that this law requires. So first and foremost, they say that AI can be used to improve working conditions or allow enhanced productivity, although they must be transparent about how the technology is used with respect to privacy. Companies must also conduct impact assessments and outlines how humans will oversee artificial intelligence. employers must also inform job applicants and employees when ai is being used in the recruitment or evaluation process and ensure that ai isn't being used in ways that can lead to discrimination based on protected classes such as gender sexual orientation social economic status and race of course in the united states um i i think this is great y'all know just the other day i got out here and talked about my concerns around hr using ai in investigations and i said that i think that we should have a right to know all employees should have a right to know when artificial intelligence is being used in processes that could result in discriminatory or biased outcomes. Now, in the United States, as I've covered, states like Colorado, Illinois, California have all passed their own state version of it, right? But that creates a decentralization of regulation in the United States and doesn't create one standard of AI regulation across the board, which of course makes it harder to regulate your systems or create a uniform standard from like as a business because now you have 50 different versions of laws that you have to abide by. But I think this is a fantastic rule. I think we should be doing this in the United States across the board hands down. Of course, the United States is distracted with racism, sexism, and the race to be the world's first gazillionaire, but that's neither here nor there. Congrats to Italy. And it's a reminder that the United States is just one country in a very large world.