Will AI slop kill Kurzgesagt and artists? On the internet there's only one truly valuable resource, human attention. If current trends continue, it's not that far-fetched that cheap slop content, stuff just good enough, will soak up the majority of human attention. It could make us dumber, less informed, our attention spans even worse, increase political divides, and make us neglect real human interaction. If AI eats the majority of the attention pie, channels like ours will become unfeasible, or force to downsize or use AI themselves to be able to compete. We don't want to play this game. How will we use AI? Like the Align tool in Adobe Illustrator. If you have a bunch of boxes and you want to line them up, you can do this manually one by one, or you can just select them, click Align, and have them perfectly aligned in an instant. It's the same with AI programming tools for animation or using it as a faster Google alternative. AI is a helpful tool, but the creativity and integrity is still ours. So, dear internet, here is what we're offering to you. Kurzgesagt is made by humans, for humans, and it will remain that way. We'll produce well-researched content and invest a lot of time and our human creativity in our illustrations and animations. Put our creative soul into our work. We'll continue to fact-check and discuss our research with human experts to give you the most trustworthy information that we can. When we make mistakes, they will be our mistakes. We would rather quit than make AI slop. But to go on, we need your support. Kurzgesagt is almost 70 full-time people and a lot of freelancers on top. This is a lot of salaries, software licenses, laptops, rent and coffee. There is a way you can help us keep this human project alive It the 12 Human Era Calendar designed to fill your home with a year worth of Kotzkazart But it's much more than that. It's an ode to humanity and human ingenuity. This calendar reframes time itself by starting not 2,000, but 12,000 years ago, at the dawn of human civilization. This way, 10,000 more years of our shared past and incredible achievements of our ancestors become part of our timeline. You can use it just like a regular calendar, but it could change how you see your place in history and how far we've all come as a species. This time, we've collected 12 inspiring stories about our special connection to the stars. From the first creature to ever glance up at the night sky, to ancient models of our cosmos, way into humanity's future among the stars. Each vibrant illustration is printed on high-quality paper with plenty of space to plan your days or record your adventures in the year 12026. and because this is our 10-year calendar anniversary, we've gone all out. We created the first ever Kurzgesagt art book, a vibrant jam-packed collection of every calendar illustration we've ever made. That's 120 pages and 10 years of Kurzgesagt art in one giant book. It's also packed with behind-the-scenes sketches, stories, and fun facts from the Kurzgesagt team. Just like our videos, our products aren't churned out by a soulless algorithm. They're made with love by real humans who spend countless hours researching, illustrating and designing things that we hope you'll love. So if you value real human-made content over AI slop, join us and our global community of burbs who get the calendar every year and help us keep Kortskazak to float. Together, we'll ride out the slop wave. The calendar and artbook are available now, only while supplies last.