A college student told me that there's this gadget that is like an AI-enabled smart pen. It's meant to scan your physical hard copy tests, read the questions, and then give you the answers on the screen so that if you're taking a test and it's a physical in-person test and you don't have access to an AI chatbot, you can still get your answers provided to you. And we're going to test it out with a bunch of different questions that are math, geography, science, and we'll see what happens. Just clicking around now trying to find the button. Herein lies the first problem with using this. It's in Chinese. This is what I'm doing. I'm taking pictures of the screen and then I'm getting a translation. So obviously this is not super useful. Okay so this chapter is all about electronics and electricity. Question 15 asks an element with five electrons in its valence shell is N. And then there's four answers. Conductor, semiconductor, insulator, and metal. But I scanned it here, right off the bat what I noticed is like it didn't even scan the words correctly. So it did an element with five electrons in its valence cell 19 because it got over to the other side of the screen of the page that says 19 So it went straight into asking me which of the following is correct in the Lewis diagram How many sides does a regular convex polygon have if the sum of any two of its exterior angles is 72 degrees? That one actually scanned pretty well. The perimeter of a regular hexagon is 42A plus 18. What? These are like practice questions, not an answer. Okay, wait, it says answer is 7a plus 3b times 5c times 24. Is that a multiple choice? No. The best we got was when we took a picture with its camera, so I'm going to try that. Cube has a surface area of 6x. What is the volume of the cube? I see the little AI thing. What? So from every time we've used this, and we've used it in a couple different books now, we get more questions. Not just like I'm thinking about more things about life and about AI, but the device brings up more questions. It doesn't actually provide you with an answer. So I don't know what it's tapping into, but it's not accessing the Internet. And it's not really I don't think it's using AI to like solve the question. My takeaway is this probably isn't worth it. I think you should probably just study.