Got me a ML degree from Stanford, class of GPT. Moved out to the mission full of dreams and ambition. Let my internship at Google Brain. Thought I'd train the next big thing. Made a model, kinda mid. Call it Jarvis, raise the bid. Startups with no revenue. Raise a hundred million too. Put AI and crypto stuff. Now it's finally dumb enough. Happy days are here again. Elon Musk's an old man. Time to write a business plan so I can be like those guys. Here comes another bother. It's a monster rally all around the valley. Demo's filled with sleight of hand. AI rappers barely stand. But if the hype is big enough, no one asks you to prove stuff. Blitz scale, pivot, hire fast. Fail up, just outlast. Moonshot deck, then explain. DC thinks I'm the man. Chatbot therapist, startup nihilist. Prompt injection, jailbreak scripts. CEO with ego trips. Red release with zero clue, Brock, is that true? Deep fake nudes, lawsuit threats, now it's stealing indie sets. Here comes another father for all the mothers he a vacuum baby lands the clacking Tweet tweet tweet it all tweet it if it big or small Tweet your prayers on moral worth tweet like you invented birth Tweet like you're a prophet king, tweet and takes on everything Tweet, even if you're wrong, won't you tweet about this song? Every party, all dudes, house rules, no shoes All on Twitter, all the time, cutting takes instead of lines God do I see still feel beige All these guys are half my age 29 past my prime I feel so behind the times Everyone's another father We'll come off with the money The game is square We'll only win your best Make yourself a million bucks Partly skill, mostly luck Now you're rich enough to pay For a one-bedded no-e Want a yard and extra room? Maybe join a polycule Split the written, split the chores Open floor plan, open doors Make yourself a billion bucks Pay for games and venture luck Buy a ranch, a private zoo, with a goat that goes where your dreams in two. Build yourself a rocket ship, blast off on an ego trip. Can this really be the end? Back to work you go again. There comes another problem, with the game on. This was still gone, and on, and on, and on, and on, and on, and on, and on, and on, and on.