From now on, you should never trust images that you see online. Like ever. Why? Because Google just released Nano Banana Pro, a new generative AI model that makes ultra-realistic 4K studio-grade images. This means that from now on, anything that you see online could be generated with AI and you wouldn't be able to tell. And as an AI ethicist, I am not telling you this to scare you, but I am telling you this because you need to protect yourself. So here are the three things that you absolutely need to understand in order to protect yourself from AI fakes. Hi, my name is Katarina Doria. I'm an AI ethicist and it's my mission to help people understand what's happening with AI and how they can stay protected from this technology So if you want to stay safe in the age of AI, please don't forget to follow me for more Okay, so let's start One, you cannot trust your eyes anymore When I tell you that Nano Banana Pro really has the ability to make ultra-realistic images, I mean it Nothing in these images scream generative AI The hands look great, the proportions look good, and the text looks flawless So looking real doesn't mean anything anymore Two, Synth ID will not save you So Google released Synth ID and AI detector to help people understand if an image was created with their model or not. But here the thing if Synth ID says yes then great that image was created by Google model But if it says no it basically means nothing Because a no could mean that the image is AI but the watermark was broken It is AI but it was made with another model like stable diffusion or dolly Or the image is actually real. A yes is a yes but a no could be a yes. So to me this only gives you a false sense of security and control but in reality it doesn't tell you anything. Three, the only way to protect yourself is to never consume content passively again. So every time you receive an image in a group chat, in your feed or anywhere else, please stop and think. Could this be AI? And then verify it. That means reverse search it, check for credible sources, and look for context. But whatever you do, don't assume that something is real because it looks real. All in all, Nano Banana Pro changes everything we know about content consumption. So please remember, images are no longer evidence, realism is no longer trustworthy, and AI literacy is no longer optional. This is a quick message to the governments that are not protecting the people. If you don't create a law right now that requires watermarking, society will collapse. So please do your jobs and protect the people. Thank you. Okay, so I'll see you in the next video for more AI safety talks. And until then, please everyone stay safe. And please don't forget to share this video with your friends and family so they learn about Nano Banana Pro and how they can stay protected in this new age of AI. Bye-bye everyone. Learning AI with Katharina.