So this is a PSA for those who will probably go through this in the future and a story to relate to if you've gone through this. Today I received a phone call at work, not unusual, usually I let them go through, but I was kind of expecting a call so I pick it up and my sister answers the phone and she's hysterically crying and I ask her what's going on, why are you crying, and she tells me I need you to pick me up, I need you to pick me up, and I can't really understand everything that she's saying because she's hysterically crying but it's definitely her so i'm like okay i'll go pick you up where are you and she continues to cry and i tell her to calm down and eventually this man tells her in the background i'm gonna like go ahead and and set the give me the phone i'll talk to him like you need to calm down and so he picks up the phone and I ask him, who is this? He just tells me, oh, my name's so-and-so. I have your sister here. She's in the back of my car. And I'm thinking, okay, this is a first responder. This is a police officer at the accident. Okay, is she okay? Where is she? And he tells me, she's fine. She's okay. She wasn't hurt. She was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. And I tell him, I need to go pick her up. Where is she at? And he tells me so listen, I need you to go to a secluded area. And so I go in the back office And I'm in the back office and I go so tell me what's going on and he tells me Your sister was in the wrong place at the wrong time. She's not injured. However, I'm a member of this cartel And right when I heard that I was like, this is a scam I remember a year ago I watched a video on this an older man got a phone call from someone claiming to be his son It sounded exactly like him and it was AI And they tried to get him to pay the money So I immediately hung up. I called my dad, and I asked my dad, where is my sister at? And he goes, oh, she's here with me, because they live in the same house. And I'm like, okay, thank God. so the whole time I was being frantic thinking my sister was in this car accident because it's been raining in Southern California and luckily she was at home but just so you're aware AI is capturing people's voices I don't know where from either social media sometimes you'll get scam calls sometimes you'll get calls and you'll pick up and there's no one on the other line you're saying hello hello hello and they're capturing your voice and they're taking that and they're using and putting it into ai and they're using it to to scam your your loved ones so so please make your loved ones aware of this situation and that this is happening especially in the time that we live now where ai is running rampant across the globe i also want you to keep in mind that my sister is not on any social media whatsoever like you will not find her on anything she is very aware of the dangers of being on social media especially if posting your face or posting your voice any of that. So I have no idea how they got her voice. That's the crazy part. Be careful, stay safe out there and ensure that you have some sort of passphrase or some sort of something to let you and your family members know that you're actually speaking to them and them alone and not anyone else. And just don't share any information that you don't need to be sharing. Places of work, full names etc anyways have a good day guys bye bye