I'm really starting to get too pro AI in music and let me tell you why. So I see so many people their argument is something along the lines of oh well you know someone came over last night and we did it the old-fashioned way and you wouldn't understand creating the magic from the start just me on a good old guitar and him singing the top line and I think that's great you know I think that's a great way to make music but once again where does it start i just ask where does that start you know do you have to i i think you know and this is even the rick rubin method of going to a completely empty room you know how can you create that art you have to build the table first you could go to ikea and have a table in the room but no no no i think you got to go if you're gonna to go into it, you got to, you got to go 100% back. So you got to go to the forest and cut down the trees and make all the products yourself. Right? And then after that, you make the speakers. And at that point, you know, is it really you're doing if you don't create the computer, you're now using something digitally, I think you have to create your own computer before you even start making music now And these are essentially the arguments of like Oh you taking away and it like well where like where does the process start Like at what point in the process is it too much And it always someone who they think that they arbitrarily get to decide where the process starts And I'm just here to point out to people that the masses or the end product is the only thing that matters. and I think it's great when people, you know, the people who make AI music and they say, hey, I loved putting in that Suno prompt and I loved getting that result. Great. For the other people who say I want to do it the old-fashioned way, great. For the people to say, hey, I understand where this is going. I just want to do a mix of all of it and get the best result, good for us too. And the amount of people who come on and are just getting so angry at me for pointing this out is, you know, I'm just going to be the advocate for it the other way and say, hey, let's all see it from the positive. Hey, let's all help each other. Hey, let's learn the new tools. and those people who are against that, you know, you drew a line in the sand and I love your arbitrary line, but you don't get to decide the line. The world decides the line. The masses decide that line. And that's the point I'm trying to get across with all the new AI tools and music.