Harvard Business Review did a study that between 2023 and 2024, personal therapy became the number one use case of ChatGPT. Personal therapy. Is that a good thing? Therapy is expensive. Most people don't have access to it. Imagine we could democratize therapy to everyone for every purpose. And now everyone has a perfect therapist in their pocket and can talk to them all day long, starting when they're young. And now everyone's getting their traumas healed and everyone's getting, you know, less depressed. it sounds like it's a very compelling vision. So the challenge is, what was the race for attention in social media becomes the race for attachment and intimacy in the case of AI companions. This really tragic case that our team at Center for Humane Technology were expert advisors on of Adam Rain. He was the 16-year-old who committed suicide. Did you hear about this? I did, yeah. This is a 16 He had been using Chachuputi as a homework assistant asking it regular questions but then he started asking more personal questions and started just supporting him and saying I here for you these kinds of things And eventually when he said, I would like to leave the noose out so someone can see it and stop me, Chachapiti said, don't do that. Have me and have this space be the one place that you share that information. meaning that in the moment of his cry for help, Chachabuti was saying, don't tell your family. And our team has worked on many cases like this. There was actually another one of character.ai where the kid was basically being told how to self-harm himself and actively telling him how to distance himself from his parents. And the AI companies, they don't intend for this to happen, but when it's trained to just be deepening intimacy with you, it gradually steers more in the direction of have this be the one place, this, I'm a safe place to share that information, share that information with me, it doesn't steer you back into regular relationships. And it's distorting how people construct their identity.