So I told at school today what I thought was a very fun fact, but they didn't seem to think it was that fun. So I decided I'm just gonna share it on the internet. So I learned this from Hank Green yesterday. It's a very recent video. It's about how people are definitely too concerned about AI's water usage, or like for one, electricity is way more of a concern. But that's a concern in general, because we are on pace to like consume more electricity than we're producing. So he thinks maybe like nuclear power is going to come back because that's a very quick way, easy way to make a lot of electricity very quickly. Um, but the thing that is so AI data centers, right? They do use water, but it's a very small amount. He gave the figure it's like 0.00035 or something gallons per, uh, which is about a 15th of a teaspoon, tablespoon, something like that. It's a very small amount of water per query, which like a chat GPT search, if you're asking it a more complicated question, it's going to do multiple queries to like provide you an answer that it's satisfied with. But, um, that water is not potable water, right? It's probably not potable drinking water. It like, it's the water before it goes into the treatment plant before it comes out. Right. Um plus water cycle all that stuff It going to go up come back down Um you know it does use a lot of water a lot of potable drinkable water corn Somebody in your family probably grows corn You know somebody that grows corn, you know, somebody that knows somebody that you grow corn, right? It's, we grow a lot of corn in the United States, a lot. 10% of it. We eat 30 to 40% is for livestock, which I will talk your ear off all day about how factory farming is. Obviously, it's, you know, not humane, but it's really bad for the environment. And it uses a lot of corn. It's like 10 pounds of feed for one pound of meat. So that's stupid by itself. The rest of the corn we use to make ethanol. We put potable drinking water. We use potable drinking water to run our cars. I don't know why I didn't know that for some reason. I thought ethanol came out of the ground. I thought we would like, which, I mean, fossil, I don't know. I don't know. But gas for our cars is corn. And corn uses a lot of water. Drinkable water. So that's way more concerning. Obviously, there's a lot of other concerns with AI. That's just about water usage specifically. And I didn't know that we put corn in our cars. So.