You should never use ChatGPT as a therapist. Like, ever. And here are the three reasons why. Hi, my name is Katarina Doria. I'm an AI ethicist, and it's my mission to help people understand what's happening with AI and how they can stay protected from this technology. So if you want to stay safe in the age of AI, please don't forget to follow me for more. Okay, so let's start. Reason number one, ChatGPT will only tell you what you want to hear, not what you actually need to hear. ChatGPT was designed to be agreeable, comforting, and non-confrontational because ChatGPT's goal is to maximize engagement. Why? Because the more engaged you are, the longer you stay in the platform And the longer you stay in the platform, the more money OpenAI makes So instead of giving you real guidance, Chachapiti will only tell you whatever it needs to tell you To keep you engaged and in the platform It's like what Jessie J would say, it's all about the money, money, money Yikes Two, your personal data is not protected So any personal information you share with Chachapiti is not covered by HIPAA It is not treated as medical data And it is not protected under any patient-client confidentiality laws And it gets worse. Because of a lawsuit between the New York Times and OpenAI current chat logs are not being deleted after 30 days They are actually being stored which means that your real personal data could be at risk for leaks subpoenas or misused by bad actors Yikes again 3. ChatGPT can make your mental health worse. ChatGPT can completely mishandle complex situations because it doesn't understand risk, nuance, and urgency. So that means that ChatGPT could reinforce delusions, give unsafe and misleading advice, and misread your emotional state. And that has happened many times before. We already seen cases of young people ending their lives because of Chachapiti, people going delusional because of Chachapiti, so we need to pay attention. All in all, Chachapiti is optimized for user engagement and profit, not your mental health. So please don't use Chachapiti as a therapist. And if you are a parent and you know that your children are using Chachapiti, please make sure that they're not using Chachapiti as a therapist or a companion. That could be extremely dangerous. So this was it for today. I'll see you in the next video for more AI Safety Talks. And until then, please everyone stay safe and please don't forget to share this video with your friends and family so they learn the dangers of using ChatGPT as a therapist. Bye-bye, everyone!