We've officially entered a new era powered by energy-guzzling concrete demons that are sucking the world dry. And yes, I'm talking about AI data centers. Those giant warehouse computers that now require more energy than a small city just for someone to ask ChatGPT, does my headache mean I have cancer or am I just dehydrated? Now, this is where I think these motherfuckers lost the plot. AI data centers used to be manageable. Now, they're basically the electric equivalent of 10 super Walmarts that have been fused together and left running 24-7 across the southeast. especially in Georgia and North Carolina. Utilities are getting absolutely flooded with requests for more power. Some of it's real, some of it's phantom demand, but either way, the grid can't keep up. And when the grid can't expand fast enough, utilities do the one thing that impact all of us. They turn back to old fossil fuel plants that were supposed to be out of commission years ago. And that's when the costs hit regular people. Natural gas prices swing hard, and customers, especially in the Southeast, They've already seen massive bill increases because of it. And without smart planning, most families can expect to see hundreds of dollars more a year added to their power bill within the next decade. Not because of your AC, not because of your LED lights, but because massive AI facilities are drinking the grid dry like a Capri Sun. But here's the good news. It doesn't have to be like this at all. There are cheaper, cleaner, and faster ways to meet this new demand. Stuff like renewables, battery storage, and energy efficiency programs. All things that keep our bills low. And that's what the Natural Resources Defense Council has been fighting for. A clean energy strategy that protects people's wallets. Instead of reviving outdated, expensive fossil plants that lock in pollution and higher costs for decades. This isn't political, it's math. Why pick the most expensive, dirtiest option when the cheaper, cleaner one is literally standing around the corner? So if your electricity bill starts looking like crowdfunding for a wedding, just know it's not you. My pinned comment will have more information on the NRDC if you want to learn more. Thank you.