Hi, how can I assist you today? Jesus Christ, can I just talk to a representative, please? Sure, but first let me get some information from you. Please briefly explain why you're calling. I need to know why my prescription didn't go through. I'm sorry, I didn't quite get that. Please select from one of the following options. You can say, billing, file a claim, dispute a claim, payments. um i guess dispute a claim are you still there let me repeat your option no no i'm still here i just none of these options are really what i'm looking for can i just talk to a real person please all right i'll get you connected with a customer representative right away but first please enter your customer id number or your social security number 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. I'm sorry, I didn't quite get that. Please enter your customer ID number or your social security number. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 I sorry I didn quite get that Please enter your customer ID number or your social security number 1, 2, 3. Let's try this a different way. Please use the keypad to enter your customer ID number or your social security number. No, I'm not doing this again. Give me a real person. I want to talk to a real person, not a stupid robot. I want a real person. Give me a representative. Give me a representative. Give me. Hi, this is Adrienne from insurance company. How can I help you today? Hi, Adrienne. Thank you so much. I'm so sorry to bother you. I just wanted to know if someone could explain to me why my prescription was being denied by the pharmacy. Yeah, I can definitely help you with that. Let me take a look. What is your social security number or your customer ID? Either one. Oh, I see what the issue is. They just can't give you the number that the doctor prescribed. We can give it to you in two separate prescriptions though if that's all right. Yeah, that's totally fine with me. Do I need to do anything about that right now? Nope, we'll take care of it for you. Walgreens will tell you when it's ready for pickup. Oh my god, thank you so much, Adrian. Of course, I'm happy to help. If you don't mind, there's going to be a survey at the end of this call. If you could please fill that out, we would really appreciate it. You have a great day. Bye.