If Copilot uses the same AI tech as ChatGPT, why does it always feel like Copilot's results are worse? You're not imagining this, and I'm going to explain to you why. There's three key reasons. First, Copilot is designed to be safe, not brilliant. See, ChatGPT, it's open. It explores ideas freely. Copilot has been designed to operate inside corporate systems, where every answer must survive rigorous legal, security, and compliance rules. It has to avoid risk. It can't have strong opinions, which is something we love about ChatGPT. It can't be creative. Again, one of the things we love about ChatGPT. So what feels like stupidity is actually deliberate caution. Second, Copilot is digging through your digital mess while it thinks. So ChatGPT, clean slate, new prompt, new topic, great. Copilot is searching through your emails, your SharePoint, your Teams, your documents before it can even answer the questions. It's processing years and years of duplicate files, outdated documents, data chaos, contradicting information. Brilliance does slow down when you rummaging through unsorted filing cabinets real or digital And then third it inherently has different jobs different personalities So ChatGPT is optimized for conversation and creativity Co-Pilot is optimized for corporate compliance, summarizing documents, drafting reports. It really needs to avoid any hallucination, particularly when it comes to financial models and the like. So it's the same brain. It just has a different mission. And this kind of gives Co-Pilot, you know, kind of a bit of grace. You can think of ChatGPT as your Ferrari and then CoPilot as the work truck that always gets, you know, the materials to the site on time. Both are powerful when you understand how to use them. So if you do have CoPilot at work, don't write it off. Start to understand what this tool can do and start to leverage the amazing AI at your fingertips. Because genuinely, while ChatGPT understands the world, having CoPilot understand your working world is invaluable. and you can train it to be like your legendary AI executive assistant. Give it a go. Don't write it off. And just keep in mind, it's not that the technology is worse. It's that the two tools have very different missions in life. I hope this helps and I'll see you tomorrow.