Can I vent? Because I am so sick and tired of seeing this trend where people are literally removing other people's clothes using AI. And this is coming from someone who has experienced this kind of thing since I was 17 years old. But at least when I was 17, people didn't have AI, they just had Photoshop, so it looked really whack. And unfortunately, three years ago, I had the absolute displeasure going through an experience where another male streamer was caught publicly having paid for inappropriate AI content of me as well as several other people. In an effort to not bring further attention to these things I tend to not talk about it and it's clear to me that this has only gotten worse especially because there's a certain platform that is not only allowing these images to be freely distributed but literally has a built-in tool that allows people to create it. And when this first happened to me, to be completely honest with you, I would think to myself, oh well this is just because I was in a male-dominated industry, god forbid a girl won a game, comes with the territory, blah blah blah blah. Honestly, some pretty victim blamey stuff, but now it's clear that it is very much a widespread issue. People are doing this to people who are fully covered up, wearing hijabs, people who are extremely young. And I am just shocked at the lack of progress that we have made. Legislation feels like a freaking snail in comparison to the torpedo that is technology and AI I spent thousands of dollars removing inappropriate content of myself online whereas the cost of creating these things is relatively inexpensive and only getting cheaper And at least I'm very very privileged to have the resources to do so, but I've gotten so many comments from young people saying that they have classmates who are making inappropriate content of that and distributing it to others and from a personal perspective it's really jarring to see appropriate photos of yourself even if they're not real it pains me that there are people who think that this should be okay or isn't a big deal i hate to always have to resort to saying imagine it was your mom your sister your girlfriend because i just don't think it should be that difficult to empathize with women in general and also because i know there's so many women who follow me on this platform i want to tell you guys you're not alone it's not your fault and you really should bear no shame i think sometimes we get so desensitized to one another when we're seeing each other as pixels on our screen but in reality there is always another real human being on the other side the things that we do online have real life ramifications and sometimes permanent ones. Weird because if you were to just run up to someone in person and rip their clothes off, that would be a form of essay. I feel like in a way this is almost like a digital version. All in all, I hope that this can serve as a friendly reminder that we should absolutely disavow this kind of behavior and please, please, please, I pray that this stops being a thing. Thanks for listening to me vent. Bye.