Students who wrote essays with the help of things like chat GPT had reduced brain activity. Kids are learning less. Their thinking is far more shallow than her professor was using chat GPT to teach the class. Here's how to finish all your homework in like 10 seconds. So all you're going to do is do what everybody else does. Use AI. Critical thinking is declining. Students are becoming lazy and illiterate. Teachers are relying on AI to do their jobs. But here's the twist. This is all a good thing. Everyone's talking about how AI will destroy humanity, but this is one of few cases that AI is actually doing something good for us. You'll see what I mean later in the video, but first we need to talk about just how cooked education really is. This isn't just about ChatGPT. There's been a massive trend of tech startups creating AI tools for the specific purpose of cheating in school. Multiple choice questions? Obsolete. Taking notes in class? Nah, just have AI do it for you. Reading and studying? What are we, scholars? Just have AI summarize it for you. 90% of college students are using these tools. And it's not just students. Teachers are using AI in almost every single aspect of their jobs, from creating presentation slides to assigning homework to grading homework and essays I found this reddit thread that asks teachers if they use AI to create assignments for students You be shocked at how many teachers admit to doing this Keep in mind that these are the same people who freak out if they catch a student using AI According to study 84% of teachers use AI for their job. And it begs the question, if teachers are using AI to do everything for them, then what's the point of even having teachers anymore? At that point, their only purpose is to read bullet points off a presentation slide. We're paying to go to college just to get taught by AI, when we could have done that at home for free. So almost everyone, from students to teachers, are using AI. Now why is this a problem? Because students are getting dumber. You see, critical thinking and problem solving aren't innate skills. You don't just come out the womb knowing how to write a research paper. These are skills that we grow the more we train them, kinda like growing a muscle. This is done through projects, research, and figuring things out yourself. Unlike muscles, if we don't exercise them enough, we start to lose these skills. And this is what happens when students rely on tools like ChatGPT. A recent MIT study found something disturbing. Participants in the study were divided into three groups, one that used ChatGPT to write essays one that used traditional online research and one that wrote their essays entirely by themselves When researchers measured their brain activity using EEGs they found that those who used ChatGPT showed significantly lower brain activation weaker neural connectivity, and reduced cognitive engagement compared to the other groups. This might be obvious, but here's the scary part. Even after the ChatGPT group stopped using AI, their brain activity still remained lower than the other groups. Which means the decline of thinking abilities caused by AI isn't temporary. That loss in thinking abilities lingers on, and the more students use AI to do work for them, the worse their thinking abilities get. The same MIT study also found that subscribing to Dumanity increases your IQ. And this is all made even worse by the fact that students are now starting to rely on AI for reading as well. The purpose of reading is to gain information and knowledge, but people often forget that reading is a skill in itself. And like critical thinking, it's a skill that declines if we don't use it. And this especially applies to children and teenagers, whose brains are still developing. For young students, over-reliance on AI leads to less engagement with the text, as it encourages them to skim through AI summaries like it's TikTok for books. And when students depend on AI-generated simplifications, they encounter fewer new words and contexts hurting their ability to infer meanings and expand their vocabulary Because students literacy skills are so low it makes them extra vulnerable to fake information which just so happens to be something AI loves to do ChatGPT is stupid. It might not sound stupid, but it often spews nonsense at students, which is a big problem when students are relying on this tool for education. Language models like ChatGPT aren't programmed to give you factual information. They're programmed to simulate a conversation. And in doing so, AI will give you blatant misinformation because it flows well with the response, without fact-checking any of it. Even students who don't use AI are also being affected. In an attempt to stop students from using AI, almost every single teacher now uses Turnitin.com, a website that can detect AI writing. Just one problem, Turnitin is laughably terrible at its job. It often flags real essays as fake, and fake essays as real. This has led to a lot of students who never even used AI to get accused of it, leading to them getting a failing grade or being forced to rewrite their essay. I spent hours working on this assignment, and the teacher's trying to say there's AI. And besides that, the morale to work hard has completely plummeted. Imagine putting your blood, sweat, and tears into writing an essay just to get the exact...