Hello, beautiful humans. My name is John Stiganga. I'm the face behind Humanizing Two-Story. It's just me, my cat, and this fan I've been living in for the last five and a half years. And I'm not sponsored or paid by a company, organization, or a news outlet. It relies solely on the kindness of strangers. People like you that donate or become monthly sustainers through Patreon. and this blend of advocacy and photojournalism work has always been about centering the voices of those most impacted by the systems across this country as well as to empower people into movement to shift the narrative cultivate conversations and it's never been about me it's been about this collective movement towards justice and dignity so thank you so much for supporting and sharing this work and I also want to invite you to be a part of it in a bigger way so anyone that joins Patreon for the month of February becomes a monthly sustainer at any paid level You can join Patreon for free but if you join at any paid level or if you already a Patreon member and you up your monthly support by even a quarter you all be entered to win some free beautiful work by a local Minnesota artist as well as some of the resistance artwork that showing up all over Minnesota Just a way to give back to y'all. Thank you so much for following and sharing this work. The world needs to see it. And also, I get it. I am one dude who lives in a van. I mean, there's so many other insanely talented photojournalists out there to deserve your support. And I also know that we are overwhelmed by so many needs in our communities, and there's so many ways to give back and so many places that need support. So if you happen to choose this work to support it, I am insanely humbled and so grateful. You're playing a direct role in helping document history, holding people accountable, and pushing back against the terror. And yeah, it's just one way out of countless ways to show up for our community, our neighbors, our loved ones, the refugee, the outcast. So thank you for being you and being a part of this fight towards humanity.