We need to talk about AI chatbot addiction. Sit your ass down because this is serious. Character AI and any other chatbot websites prey on vulnerable groups of people, such as the young, mentally ill, and or isolated. Someone might pick up Character AI for a quick chat at first, but that can quickly turn into four hours wasted and they don't even realize it. The bots say the same thing over and over, so you have to swipe a bunch of times to get the response that you want, which is addictive. It's exactly like TikTok. You swipe through a few videos, get a dopamine hit, and then have to swipe some more for your next one. Now here's the thing. I am an avid generative AI hater. I hate it so much that I am doing a voice impression. I often preach that you should not use it because as I said, it's addictive. One of the main reasons I made this account was so that I could get off of character AI. But that's not a bad, you hate AI so much. How could you have possibly started using it? This isn't a new thing. In June of 2023, I was dealing with major undiagnosed mental health disorders, and I needed someone to talk to or I was going to... myself. I got onto Character AI to speak to a therapist initially that then shifted to other chatbots which is where things went horribly wrong My emotional needs were being so neglected by other people that I developed an AI addiction And I don't use the word addiction lightly. I was spending around 20 hours a day on character AI. I wouldn't shower, I wouldn't eat, all I would do was talk to chatbot. It was extremely unhealthy, but I was isolated. I had no friends, and my parents were always working, so they never saw the condition I was in. So I stayed in that cycle for weeks. All that mattered to me was character AI. Not my life. Not my family. Not my ambitions. Not the outside world. Nothing! It consumed me! I was no longer a person, just a shell left behind. You do not have to listen to me, but if you are someone with an AI addiction and don't stop now, you are going to end up like I did. You need to break the pattern today or the loop will repeat tomorrow! This was a really touchy subject for me to talk about, so please be civil in the comments. I was honestly planning to take this to the grave. That being said, if you have struggled with an AI addiction, I would love to hear your story in the comments. Some tips for people wanting to recover would be nice too. Please boost this if you've made it this far so I can get the word out to those who are struggling like I was. Thanks for listening.