Everyone on the internet has been talking about this article. It's probably the scariest thing I've read about the future of AI, and I think everyone should read it. It takes 10 minutes to read, but I'm going to summarize it for you in a few minutes. And you should stick around for the whole thing because it might impact your life in a consequential way. So the author starts with an example of back in February 2020, when if you were paying attention, you might have noticed this virus spreading abroad. And everything was fine, life was normal, and most of us thought this virus thing was completely overblown. But it ended up only a few months later when COVID completely took over the world. Now, he makes the same comparison to what AI is doing to us today, and he's really sounding the alarm bells. And if you look everywhere, the smartest technical people in Silicon Valley are leaving their jobs at AI research labs because of what's happening. So basically what's been happening is that for years, AI has been gradually but slowly improving. And you get the occasional bump, but for most part it pretty linear But something happened in 2025 when these new techniques of building models just came out and changed everything And I not super technical so I can really explain them but it really accelerated the pace of AI. And so we started to see a wider and wider margin in AI models getting better and better, and the time between each release getting shorter and shorter. You might have noticed this too. Suddenly on February 5th, so about a week ago, suddenly out of nowhere two of the leading AI research labs released their two models GPT 5.3 codex and opus 4.6 after these models were released I saw a bunch of posts from engineers saying that they were no longer needed for the technical parts of their job they don't code anymore and apparently all they do is describe in plain English what they want built and it just appears like magic I've tried this myself I've used tools like lovable to describe exactly the product I want to build and it just appears. It's kind of crazy. And the crazy thing about this new model, GPT 5.3 codex, is that it doesn't just execute on your behalf. It can actually make intelligent decisions So it got judgment it got taste it got all these things that were previously lacking Now most people are saying I tried AI before it wasn that good And that used to be true. If you tried ChatGPT back in 2023 or 2024, it might've hallucinated or given you these very robotic sounding paragraphs of your writing. But that was two years ago. And in AI time, that is ancient history. Now, the AI models today look nothing like they did two years ago, especially if you're not paying for it. If you're on the free tier, you're not getting anything close to the top performing AI models. Here's another anecdote of how fast AI is moving. In 2022, AI couldn't even solve math problems. So like five times eight, couldn't do it. In 2023, AI could pass the bar exam. Now in 2024, it could write software and do graduate level science. Now in late 2025, most engineers have now handed off most of their work to AI. Now there one more thing that happened that you need to understand A week ago when OpenAI released their new model GPT 5 Codex they included this in their technical documentation If you read it through, you'll see that what they're saying is that the AI built itself. So everything I'm saying so far and everything the author said is not a prediction on what's going to happen. It is already happening on the fringes of Silicon Valley. Now, you might be asking, what does this mean for me? How does this impact me at all? Well, Dario Amodi, the CEO of Anthropic, is predicting that in one to five years, 50% of white collar jobs are going to be automated. And he's a pretty conservative guy compared to the other people. And the first jobs to go are legal work, financial analysis, writing, content, customer service, software engineering. We're already seeing these starting to happen. And again, this is not a prediction. It is already happening. It is just a matter of time. Now, I write a lot about how to future-proof your career and what you should do to prepare for the next three to five years. I'll share some tips in the next video. If this helped them all, you should follow along to learn more.