So I would like to have an open dialogue for the pro AI person, the average person. I don't want to hear from no corporations and none of that bullshit, but I want to have an open dialogue. But I have a post where I talk about why the arguments for AI music don't work. And everybody that is pro AI in those comments are proving me right. I haven't heard a single good argument before. People have stitched my video. People are leaving comments, and it's just about get with it or get over it and, like, threatening me into accepting AI. It's not how technological advancements move forward. I'm sorry. And I was thinking about the AI commercials from the Super Bowl. It just feels like a desperate attempt to get people to see the benefit of something when the benefit isn't really there. The reason why people have a problem with AI is because the negatives of AI, whether it's these data centers destroying the environment and running up everybody's electric bill without their consent, the way that it going to disrupt industries and wipe out jobs for people in an economy that is already struggling as is without AI being a part of it with real no path forward for any new industries being built on top of it that the average person would benefit from. And just the fact that it's soulless and uninteresting whenever put into art, music, film, etc. It's just uninteresting. The negatives are well advertised and the positives are just non-existent. It's either doing something that I can already do and just maybe give me a .5 second speed boost or whatever or it's actively making the things that I already do worse. So the floor is yours. If you're pro AI, tell me why I should get on board with this AI. I'm genuinely asking for anybody that's really pushing this besides corporate greed, because the only people we see benefiting from this are the people that already got all the money. Tell me why I should get on board with this. I'm willing to hear you out because right now I don't see it