Cheating with AI is rampant in universities, in high schools. People are just using AI. There are all these AI detectors. Sometimes an AI detector falsely detects something. Teachers and professors are just getting demolished because it's something like 40% of their class uses AI. And so I thought this was super cool because this professor is like, I'm going to go to a cheating subreddit and I'm going to ask y'all, instructor here, why? It seems like y'all are bright and have clearly spent a lot of time thinking through the cheating process. Why not just do your assignments? assignments. Many of us see cheating not only as an academic dishonesty, but a personal affront. Why are y'all doing this? I love this response. It's pretty wild that people think they are beating the system when they are just scamming themselves out of the one thing they are actually paying for, which is the ability to handle pressure and master a subject. One student mentioned that they are too afraid to fail, but the reality is that by cheating, you have already failed the most important test, which is building the discipline to show up and do the work. When things get hard, if you get a degree without actually learning the material, you're basically walking into the workforce slash world with a fake map and no compass. And I was like, damn, that guy right So why do people do this Cheating is probably one of the best ways to rise to financial prominence and success in the world And so I think if you a professor and you want to know why do students cheat it because it's one of the most effective tactics. Think about what cheating is. It's getting the fruits of labor without the labor. You know what we call that when we work in corporate? Efficiency, optimization, minimizing the denominator, maximizing the numerator. And the only time it's a problem is when you're stupid enough to get caught. Now, I want to be clear about something. Oftentimes when you explain a phenomenon, people think you are advocating for it. I'm not. So I am of the mind that you should do things honestly. I'm of the mind that hard work does pay off. So let's be clear about how successful cheating is. So if you want a reliable way to get into the top 25th percentile of success, then cheating is not the way to do it. If you want to do a good job, you want to become a doctor, I don't think you should cheat. I think the majority of doctors do not cheat. But just because I don't think it's good doesn't mean it isn't effective. There's a big difference between what is right and is wrong and what works and what doesn't work. These are completely independent axes that many people have trouble separating. So please, God, do not think I'm advocating cheating.