So I posted my latest coding project last night and woke up to a trending on X. This is Worldview, and it's what happens when you take real-time satellite tracking, live CCTV cameras, military and commercial flight data, and fuse it all together against a 3D model of the world, skinned to look like a classified intelligence system. Grok summarized it as, X Google PM Build Spy Thriller Geospatial Dashboard. And yeah, I built this in three days with an army of AI agents. The Palantir co-founder says, I'm missing real proprietary data fusion. It's like being shared by all these people. Oh yeah, I vibe coded Palantir. Like we're replacing everything. Palantir is going down. I'm like, no, I think low-end SaaS is in trouble the next few years. Like that's the reality, right? But let me show you what's possible right now. Let's get into it. To start things out, you've got the full globe in here. 3D tiles, which by the way, I had a chance to work on and launch at Google. Essentially if you click through these numbers I can switch between CRT, night vision, and FLIR. Alright, let me zoom out to show you the entirety of the earth to give us a real-time operational picture of what's going on. So this is all the satellites that are in orbit right freaking now. And the cool part is if I click on any one of these satellites I can suddenly track them in orbit So this is NORAD and we tracking this puppy Once we start zooming into the planet we can also use OpenSky to load in live flight data tracked in real time against a 3D globe. So all the orange stuff that you see right now are military planes that typically are not tracked on these plane tracking websites. But thanks to the wonderful world of open source intelligence, you can see what's going on on the other side of the frickin' world. So that's all real-time data. You can also essentially get street traffic up and running. In this case, using all the OpenStreetMap road network data, I can query it and essentially spawn a particle system that emulates city traffic. Now suddenly I've got tracked points across the whole frickin' London Bridge in the city of London, baby. What I've got going on is this whole panel that I created that will let me turn on CCTV cameras and pull from the live CCTV cams in Austin, Texas. This is all openly available. You can see this right now. And this data updates at one frame per minute. So it's not real time, but it's a real data of what's actually going on in the city. When I pick one of these cameras, I can jump to it immediately and actually see it projected onto the 3D geometry.