If you're creating videos, podcasts, or any type of social media content in 2026, I want to share with you five different AI tools that are going to completely change how you work. One of them can even replace you entirely by cloning you. And those are the ones I personally use to save me hours a week. And I think more importantly, they let me do things that just weren't possible before AI made it possible. First on my list is a tool called Descript. I think I started using this app back in 2020, way before ChatGPT came out. And if you create videos, podcasts, this tool is going to completely change how you create, and especially how you edit your videos. Now, when you open the app or the website here, you could upload any type of audio or video file, and then ask Descript to do things for you. This agent will do all kinds of different things. It could clean up your video recording. It could create social clips. It could translate your videos. It could dub your videos in different languages, ton of different things. Let me create a new project to show you how I like to use it. Now, I uploaded a seven minute video here that I have to edit. The first thing Descript does is it's going to transcribe this video automatically. Now, here's the seven minute transcription here that it created for us. So a couple of things you could do. This allows you to edit this text right here. So if I wanted to remove this sentence, for example, if I press delete, it will make that edit in the actual video. So you no longer have to figure out how to do traditional editing, which before, if you were doing traditional editing, you will do it with what's called a split tool. So you'll go to a portion of the video, you press split, you mix a cut, you go to another portion, you press split, and then you select the portion you want to delete. Well, now you don't have to do that. You just select the text you want to delete, press delete. It makes the edit for you automatically. So that's how I edit my videos. That's one of the easiest ways I do it. but they have ton of different AI tools in their AI suite. If you click studio sound, it will literally create studio quality sound from any audio that you have. And it's extremely, extremely powerful. This option. The other option I have is either removing filler words, which any words like, um, or like will get removed. In this video, I actually didn't have any, or you could edit for clarity. And this is going to make suggestions in all the things you need to remove to make your video sound more concise and more clear, which is obviously one of the best ways to get more views on your videos, say the least amount of words, give the most amount of value. Then it has all kinds of different options for making your video look better. It could correct eye contact, for example, using AI. It could center the active speaker, especially if you have a two-person podcast. And you could also repurpose your videos. So if you press create clips here, it's going to create little clips for you to share in vertical format. And just like that is found the best five sections from this video that I could then repurpose and post on different social platforms. And they have a ton of other options. But the last one I wanted to show you for this video is called Translate. This one will take your video and transcribe it in any of these languages But my favorite part is you could do multiple different languages at the same time So for Skill leap our education platform we transcribe and translate every single video in five different languages So all I have to do is pick those languages here like this, and this will go through every language you selected here, and it will translate it near perfect translation here. And when you want to export that translation, well, you could export it as subtitles, for example, here with the language that you want selected and including the original language too. And you could also take the transcript, including the translation here, and export that if you need it for a website or any other purpose too. So when it comes to doing any type of video creation or any type of audio editing, this is the tool that has saved me the most time out of all the tools that I've used in the last few years. The next one on my list is called HeyGen. And this is going to completely change how you think about being on camera because you no longer have to be on camera. Heygen actually lets you create AI avatars and your own digital twin. It will let you clone yourself and use that to create videos. In this box right here, you could actually type in any idea you have. This will create, for example, a customer onboarding video. Now, if you look up here, well, it's pulled in my AI avatar. All you have to do is click right here. You could choose from any existing avatars that they have. So they have ton of different ones available or under my avatar. This is where I've cloned myself and you have different options for the length of the video. In this case, I'll make it one minute video and you could decide if you want this to be landscape or portrait. Now, this is what this video agent actually does. It takes your prompts and it takes your AI avatar and it creates an entire plan for itself to create the video for you. If I go to the assets tab, it has other media here. So it's created different media with the top AI tools like Veo, for example. It's also created different design elements like full-on animations here to go along with our video. And as soon as the video is done, I'll show you what it looks like. Welcome to our platform. Let me show you around so you can get the most out of your experience. Your dashboard is your command center. Here you'll find a clear overview of your projects and real-time updates. Our automation tools take care of the repetitive tasks so you can focus on the high-impact work that matters. Collaboration is built-in. Share projects, leave comments, and work together with your team in real time. You could also dub videos into different languages with lip sync. Here's an example of me speaking Hindi. I don't speak Hindi, but my AI avatar does. Generative AI is a new technique that can create new content. And this technique that we cover in this part I mean, how useful is that? Now I could translate and dub all my videos on YouTube and in our courses into ton of different languages and make it globally accessible. Next on my list is Artlist, which is my go-to platform for creating AI videos and AI images using the top models, and they're also the sponsor of today's video. Artlist recently showed their ad in the Super Bowl, And instead of spending months and millions producing traditional big Super Bowl commercials They created their entire spot in in less than a week using Artlist AI Toolkit Whoa, the biggest ads of the year are finally here. A huge celebration of creativity on the world's biggest stage. After months of hard work and millions of dollars, they really outdid themselves. But now with Artlist AI Tools, you too can create high-end video production. All you need is a good idea. Heck, we bought this ad spot a week ago and made it in five days for just a few thousand dollars. So what's your idea? And this is the commercial production world that I actually come from. That's my background. So most brands in that world, ad agencies, spent six months just on a 60-second or a 30-second commercial. Artlist ran three different creative concepts in parallel using AI. One concept parodied current 2026 big game ads. Another one paid homage to iconic ads from the past. And a third one, imagine what the next year advertisement could look like fully using AI generated visual. Now, if you haven't used Artlist before, they recently added this right here, AI toolkit. So this lets you pick from the top image models down here and the top AI video models down here. So for image, you just type out your prompt over here and then you choose from this list of the top AI models. So right now for image generation, Nano Banana Pro is probably my favorite one. And Flux is also one of my favorites with Flux 2.0 Pro. Now, if I go to the video tab, when it comes to video, they have the top AI models too. So the Google ones, Veo, still one of my favorites here. Sora Kling 3 is just recently one of the newer option available. Now, they're also adding Seedance 2.0 very soon. So maybe by the time you're watching this video, that's going to be a model that is going completely viral right now. that should be available pretty soon. They have 1.5 Pro right now available. And one of the reasons why I like this platform is they release the very best AI models pretty much around the time that they get released to the public in this platform. And you get access to all of them in one platform. My workflow is typically generate the image and turn it into the video. Well, this lets me do that, but I could choose and compare the different AI models and see how they compare side by side too. I'll put a link in the description of this video so you could try Artlist for yourself and access the top image and video models all in one place under the same workspace. Next up my list is Eleven Labs. Eleven Labs is the leading platform for creating AI generated voices. They sound almost perfectly human here and they have a massive library of voices to choose from and they actually license legendary voices from some of the most famous voiceover actors of all time too that you could use in your projects. I'm going to show you couple of different use cases. One of them is brand new here and 11labs, just like the platforms I've covered in this video, has a lot to offer. So definitely worth exploring. But what I wanted to start with is inside of the studio tab, there's this option for creating podcasts. Now, this is very unique There is a platform called Notebook LM that also generates podcasts but this lets you do it with voices that you choose So you could choose the host voice and you could choose the guest voice and you could upload a document as your source, or you could import directly from a URL. In this case, I have a document. I'll just use one of our course transcripts here. Then you could choose the podcast format. So conversational is my favorite. And you could choose the duration here, short default or long. I'll choose the the default option here. And then you could choose between a host voice and a guest voice. And again, the entire library of all the voices here are available. You could listen to any of them, pick your favorite. I'll just pick these two default options right now, and I'll go ahead and generate this one. Building a website used to take months of coding and thousands of dollars, but artificial intelligence just flipped that reality on its head. The other day, my 15-year-old nephew showed me a professional business website he created in under two hours. The accessibility factor is huge. These platforms like Hostinger and Lovable are essentially giving everyone the power of a professional web development team. And this new option inside Eleven Labs that I also found really interesting is called Audiobooks, where you could create entire audiobooks here. And they also have something called Eleven Reader, which this becomes basically a platform. Upload your e-book to Eleven Reader with free dynamic narration. And here's what an AI-generated audiobook sounds like. In the Valley of Erendor, where the White River split around a crown of ancient oaks, a bell began to toll. Not the kind of bell that called farmers from fields or merchants from their stalls. This bell was older than the village clustered beneath it. Eleven Labs also has a ton of options like text-to-speech, voice changer, voice isolator, and it's really a platform worth exploring if you work with any kind of audiophiles. Next on my list is for generating music. So instead of searching for the perfect song for your video well you could just generate your own my favorite platform for that it's called suno they recently released their v5 version but the v4.5 version is also great and it has free usage here and all you have to do is type in a song description here and if you want to include your own lyrics and your own style you could also do that and they have other options with paid option like persona but i'm going to use the simple option here and I'm going to type in a song description and you could choose if you want them to be instrumental or if you want them to have lyrics along with it. I'm going to generate a couple different tracks and then I'll go ahead and play a little bit for you so you can see how great the quality of this AI generated music is inside of Suna. So if you're looking to level up your content creation this year, I would recommend testing at least one of these tools out for yourself. See how it fits in your workflow. I covered pretty much anything from video editing to generating AI avatar, generating AI videos, and even generating music. So one of these should be a good fit for your current workflow to really take it to the next level. And if you want to see deeper dive in any of these, let me know in the comment section below. All the links are included. thanks again for at least for sponsoring this video and i'll see you on the next one