It's not immediately obvious that many of these videos are AI generated. But they're being recommended to children on YouTube under the guise of teaching. And many of them have millions of views. We watched over a thousand videos to get a sense of how many AI generated videos are being recommended to children. To conduct our analysis, we started looking at popular channels like Bluey, Miss Rachel, and Cocomelon. and then scroll through the recommended YouTube Shorts. We repeated this experiment multiple times, and we later analyzed the videos. And in one 15-minute session, we found about 40% of the videos that were being recommended to us appear to be AI-generated. YouTube also has a YouTube Kids app, which is a more moderated app, but even on that app, the Times found AI-generated videos. When scrolling through some of these videos, they are very short. They're about 20 to 30 seconds long each. They are rapidly moving, they are very colorful, and they really don't have a storyline. A lot of them also feature components that kids are drawn to. So for example, animals emerging from a tube of toothpaste and it looks like slime, or animals transforming into vehicles. You have hyper videos of animals turning into different colors and diving into a pool The animal could be real but their behavior doesn really make sense I spoken to experts who have noted that AI videos could possibly be cognitively overloading and confusing for children It really puts a very heavy burden on young children to process that information. Experts also worry that if kids are spending more time watching these nonsensical videos, it's really displacement for other activities that could be much more enriching, like reading books, watching media content that's going to benefit them more, and forming relationships. Children benefit most from watching media with a beginning, middle, and end. Experts reference shows like Mr. Rogers and Sesame Street. Do we say when there's a problem to solve? Um, I wonder. Let's try. These are characters that children can attach themselves to, that are being put in situations they can relate to, and helping kids make sense of the world. We asked YouTube to clarify its policy on AI-generated videos being produced for children. And YouTube said that they require creators to disclose when they've used AI to create realistic content. But the Times found that these labels are not being consistently applied. YouTube doesn't have an option to filter out AI-generated video. And so really, it's going to be up to the parents to decide what sort of relationship they want their child to have with YouTube. I saw forums of some frustrated parents who were considering leaving the app altogether.