Help me, mom. Do what they ask and give them the money. Imagine receiving that video right after you got a message telling you that your son had been kidnapped and was being held for ransom. Let me do a copy here. This is the man in that video. He's fine. He has not been kidnapped. To be honest, hearing and seeing is no longer the best way to believe it and how it is. Dr. Pei Long Lee is a computer engineer and professor at Elizabethtown College. He made this AI-generated video of himself in just a few short minutes. Then he made one of me. All I had to do was sit in front of a camera on top of a computer monitor and say this. 59, 64, 45. Then he typed into the AI program exactly what he wanted me to say, and we got a video similar to his. Then, using this 30-second video of myself that I provided to Dr. Lee, he created a video to target businesses called the fake boss scam in a high stakes meeting and we need to finalize this acquisition immediately why are the requested funds to the offshore account now or the entire deal is off the voice was a little off but the video recreation was spot on AI has helped the scammers to a point that they need zero entry knowledge to do things but now you just need a laptop and a motive, and that's it. Back to the deepfake kidnapping video. The information needed to make something like this can simply be lifted from someone's social media page if you don't limit privacy settings. So Dr. Lee suggests that families prepare in advance for the possibility of someday receiving a deep fake video like this. My recommendation is every family should have this family code. As I mentioned, it's very important. It's a zero dollar solution to a multi-mealing problem. So your family code could be a number, could be a name, or it could be a phrase of some sort. Something that parents, siblings and grandparents in the family would know to ask the alleged kidnappers for if the family is being told a loved one is being held captive. Of course, the other option is to simply call the person who they claim is kidnapped. If they respond, then you know it's a scam. I'm Brian Roach on your side, WGAL News 8.