Now making your pattern so obvious, it's harder to be manipulated. But now it's all data driven. When you log into these social media companies and you like somebody's picture, you're creating what they call a graph. It's called a graph network in a technology. What that does is maps you to who's important to you, who matters to you, who's relevant to you, what you like, what you don't like. And then with platforms like Meta, if you link certain third-party apps that give their data to meta, they can get a much bigger picture about you. So there's a very popular app for women to track their menstrual cycles called Flow. And they give all their data to Facebook. So now, not only do I know that you like these people's pictures, this who you interact with more, but now I can see what you do during different phases of your cycle. Were you on your cycle right before your cycle? Or you go look at your ex's page right before? And I know it's your ex because you told me your relationship status and tagged him in it. So now all of that data is automated. What websites you go visit. And then you link up your Apple Watch and your health app. And they know when you sleep and know when you wake. Now they can try that to all your other behaviors. And then you link that to your journal app where you tell them how you feel every day. And now they see it even more. and then you log in with your Google or with your meta to all these other websites that are now automatically collecting all that data about you and creating a graph about you that understands you better than you do so much so that amazon has patented algorithms that can predict if you're gonna buy an item or not and so now we go back to palantir the all-seeing eye which was originally created as a private company to kind of help with that information targeting process they wanted to make it easier so you don't have to go on the ground you know undercover and go talk to people to figure stuff out we can just figure it out with data and they're huge and I think they just won like another hundred eighty million dollar contract either yesterday or today and so what they're doing constantly is they're basically scraping or making copies of the whole internet they're making copies all these documents they're making it so that all these intelligence officers can upload their reports and they're maybe spying on people. And this is what this meant. And they go have a diplomatic meeting and they write in their notes. Like all that stuff goes in there and creates an even more detailed graph about you. And the purpose of that is so that one, the military will say is to identify threats or to improve operational efficiency. What that means is, are you someone we need to be worried about? And if so, we already know everything about you to know how to change what you feel. Thank you.