Aish, you AI artists are stealing people's songs and uploading them on DSPs. It's not like a funny anymore. You guys are stealing people's materials and uploading it on socials. All right, I got Barry Nice on the line. He just put out a statement. You can go and check the full statement on his socials. Good morning, my G. What are these AI artists doing to you guys, man? Hope you're good, brother. Good morning, my G. I hope you're doing good, Barry. Hope you're doing good, Barry. Yeah, man. um ai is such a beautiful tool that anyone can use to enhance or generate something really you know original to whatever they wanna uh make whether it's music whether it's for family whether it's for it's something that has been made to actually make people's lives easier you know we need to adapt either way as artists as well you understand but what i've been noticing and this is a topic that no artist especially in my field the deep house community people are afraid to talk about it because they're gonna be judged but i understand understand uh maybe afraid of being cancelled or fans calling them out because you know everyone uses ai now it's a beautiful tool man we can use it to um enhance our productivity play guitars if you don't if you don't know how to play guitar on top of your song But the problem starts when if an artist shares a snippet on what they working on you know and then you take that audio you put it to AI you generate your own version that sounds the same as that but with ai elements added and then you release so if the artist the original artist that you stole that idea from whenever they release their their original version is gonna say copyright uh the original song is by this and that and that and that you know it affects artists like that so So that's what I'm actually worried about. The topic is that people are misusing AI. And obviously we need to voice it out to protect other musicians, producers. You understand? People that only share their stuff just to give it hype. And it's normal, man. That's what you need to do as an artist. Before you release, make sure that your music, you get people to hear what you're dropping so they get hyped. Yeah, things are getting out of hand right now. So I don't know, man. How does the future look like for artists? what does this mean doesn't mean that you're no longer gonna drop snippets you're no longer gonna drop mixes what does it mean for my piano i'm a piano really really really rely on dance challenges what's gonna happen to that is the end of a piano because don't be any dance challenges but i'll be honest with you guys artists you guys are on your own big major labels as funding these ai apps so yeah you own your own guys so it's up to you it's other you don't drop snippets you lose free free marketing drop the music and people remix your music but what i'm what i can urge artists is please register your music as soon as you can please register your music because it's gonna happen now upload your music and then i say copyright artist you're on your own