Okay, PSA, I'm AI extremist about one thing regarding AI. Actually, two. There's also two things I don't like, okay? And I want to make clear, I am pro-AI. If you're seeing this and you are pro-AI, or even moderate AI, engage with this so we can stick together. It's coming to my attention that there's not as many of us out there that I thought, okay? So let's stick together, engage, DM me, whatever. First, the two things I don't like and don't support. One, AI marketing. Humans are not going to buy from AI bots. It's not going to happen. If it starts getting trendy, zag. Get out of there. If they're zigging, zagging. Out. Number two, OpenClaw or ClawBot running my email inbox and my bank account? No, I'm not doing that. That's crossing the line for me. I'm a human. I can do that. Don't be lazy. Now, the two things that I am insanely pro-AI about. One, to the lesser degree, and then we'll get to the best one in my opinion. Number one, a Cloud Pro, a ChatGPT, a Google Gemini. The speed at what you learn. If you can focus and you can't, don't like dart from one thing to the other, okay? Lock in and learn what you need to learn incredibly quick It dumb It dumb how much time you get back in your day it dumb number one number two the granddaddy of them all if you are still here and haven favorited liked actually i'm not going to tell you what to do but building with ai as a service tools it is such a layup it is it is teed up like a softball on a tee and you're a toddler it is right there for you and it is insane how opportunistic this is and take it from me because i had to i had to spend six figures and months if not a year on my app build only a couple years ago okay this is such a no-brainer and i will just die on this mountain ai is a service tools to build it's zigzag proof it is zigzag proof if everybody's doing it which i actually don't think everybody's doing it because I think people don't take the steps to actually do, unfortunately. Hit me up with, if you're doing it, hit me up. I want to be friends with you. But even if everybody is doing it, do not zag. Building with AI as a service tools is zigzag proof and it is a gold mine.