I was locked up with a guy that had gone on a cruise with, admittedly, and this was probably to his detriment, was with his, like, his fiancé, right, black guy. It was his, I don't know if you know this, you probably know this, you know, and this is just something I learned in prison. It's a cultural thing with black guys. Probably get me in trouble, but they have what they call a wifey. Have you ever heard of the wifey? I've heard of it. Okay. So they'll, women that are an overweight woman that's unattractive, that has a good job. Right. This guy who's good looking guy, she's never get with him. But they call her their wifey. And sometimes they'll get, they'll even marry these women and move in with them. And, you know, they, they go to their parties with them and they, they play the part in front of all their friends. But they're allowed to have a girlfriend. Or two. They're allowed to run around. Don't embarrass me. Whatever. You stay here at night. And that's his wifey. That's kind of European, too. Like, the Europeans are like, look, I know he's a man. Right. Just don't embarrass me. Right. She's a woman. Just don't embarrass me. I would not go over well. I can tell you that right now. Just saying. I've heard that similar, similar story. So he goes, they go on a like a carnival cruise line. there's always shenanigans. Oh, it's pure. You could do a whole series. Yeah. Carnivals. They've, they've, they've had it. Um, but he goes on this, he has a room with the wifey and he's got a separate room and she knows about it. Like it's on her credit card. So she, she goes to bed for the night. He goes to a bar. Now the bar is after up to 10 o or something It you know it it whoever is there whatever There no age limit But after 10 it like it adults only He goes to the bar He walks up Girl is there chatting with a couple of guys, starts chatting with him. He buys her a drink. He said, I mean, I'm assuming she's 21 years old. She's there. The bartender is serving her. Right. He said she proceeds to have several drinks. he ends up leaving because she's talking with the other guys right as much as with him and he's like so he starts he goes back to his room goes to lay down can't go to sleep at one o'clock or something he leaves to go back to the bar see if there's anybody else there goes back to the bar he gets into the elevator or and when he gets out of the elevator these the two guys and the girl are all getting on the elevator and they say do you want to come with us right and and she looks at him and she's like yeah and he's like okay so all three of them go to his room he's got he's like i got i got a room right they go to that room they all have sex with her right these guys leave he leaves the girl i don't know when she left but he goes back to the wife the wifey goes there five or four or five o'clock in the morning there's banging on the door he opens the door and it's two like security guards and like the manager or something and he's like what's going on they're like you need to come to security it's like what's happening he gets down there he said when i walk in they tell him we got to go over something when He said, when I walk in, he said the two guys are there at a desk. He said one of the guys is just full-blown just crying. I mean, he's like, I mean, just – he said tears running down the guy's nose, just puddling and just can't – just inconsolable. And he's like, what is going on?