To the music artists that are promoting AI music generators, they cannot be paying you that good. What the fuck are you doing? I'll ask you again so you can really think about it. What the fuck are you doing? What do you think is happening here? Labels are signing AI music artists. AI songs are charting number one over real artists, and you're helping push that agenda for a goddamn check. You are spineless. Listen, I understand the need for money in this industry, okay? And if they're paying you seven figures or something, I understand that that's really hard to turn down, okay? But we both know they're not. They're not even paying you five figures. and I just got back from turning down a five-figure brand deal to promote AI music. I needed that money fucking yesterday. And I turn around and I see my peers doing it for a fraction of the cost. Well, well, Charlie, if you don't do it, someone else will. Yeah, that's a fucking problem with our industry. How is it that in film if you cross the picket line? You never work again. But we, we can't even unite on the one thing that is replacing us. You're fucking spineless. Let me ask you something. Why do you think they're targeting musicians and music artists to promote this shit? It's because they need us. They need us to co-sign this. They need us to say, oh, AI music is great. And not only should you listen to it, you should make your own. Because once we normalize it for the public, they can replace us. Listen to me carefully. If we allow them to normalize this labels will never sign or develop a human being ever again Why should they Why would they have to AI music is cheaper more obedient more predictable and they don have to split royalties Okay so you not worried about labels, fine. What's incentivizing people to listen to you when they can make their own music at the press of a button, especially if you're an underground artist? I don't think that music should be that accessible to every single person. There should be a skill gap. That is the whole point. There's wonder and beauty in finding a song so regal that you can't even begin to fathom how that artist made it. And sure, AI has a long way to go to get there, but you understand that the more accessible we make it, the more resources they pump into it, and the easier it becomes to get there. This is becoming a problem, and we could all nip it in the bud if we all just said no. But too many of you are using that argument that, oh, this is the future, and if you don't hop on board, you're just going to get left behind. I'm sorry, that's just bleak. You're spineless. You are spineless. You have no morals. And I want to clarify, I think that using AI as a tool to help make music is remarkable, but using it to generate music out of thin air, I'm sorry, we have to draw the line somewhere. We have to. Because if we don't, we're going to end up drowning before we realize that it's too late to back the fuck up. I'm sorry if it's unfair to ask, but I'm asking you to stand against this. A living, breathing musician is asking you for your help to stand against this. Yeah, my music may be corny, but at least it's not fucking AI.