Is there a link between Calgary's water restrictions and AI data centers? Let's check the facts. Yes, we're back in our water conservation era. Thank you for being a water hero. While crews repair the city's largest water main this month, the city's asked people to cut back on water use. CBC posted about it and saw a common theme in the comments, concerns about AI data centers. First, the current water restrictions are in place because the city had to shut down this pipe to patch it up. It failed in 2024 and last December and because it transports about 60% of Calgary's potable water, the city wants residents and businesses to conserve. The stuff about laundry, showers, flushing toilets, those are all voluntary measures. Then there's mandatory stage four outdoor watering restrictions. No watering plants or your lawn, washing your driveway, those sorts of things. There's more info on the city's website. The city says residents account for more than 60% of our water use. Businesses make up about 30%. So where do AI data centers fit in I can assure you that data centers that are operating in Calgary are not among our top users Newton says as of 2024 there are 11 data centers operating in Calgary Most are relatively small. She says there's currently no evidence data center operations are adversely affecting Calgary's water supply. The province has been working to attract AI data center investment here. Most proposed projects making headlines though aren't up and running yet. Some may not get built. Like this massive one in Olds was just shot down. Another project in Rocky View County was rejected last year. Alberta's tech minister says data centers have to meet the same environmental rules as any other project. The province wants to attract AI development, but quote, not at the expense of our communities and our waterways. The rules exist, they apply to everyone, and they will be enforced. One water resources engineering professor told me, There's lots of uncertainty when it comes to figuring out Alberta's capacity to take on AI data centers. On the one hand, evolving technology around cooling systems is already cutting back on water use. At the same time, there's more pressure on water with climate change and population growth.