It could be in the next couple of years, these are the roles that are elevated the most and that plumbers regularly earn more than lawyers. What are the occupations that you genuinely believe won't exist five years from now? All of them. All occupations won't exist five years from now as we know them. People say lawyers are going to be disrupted. Well, I recently had a law, a legal case that I had to resolve and it was going to cost us 50,000 pounds, so $60,000 as I start the process with a law firm. We took matters into our own hands and we used Claude and we actually fixed the process and resolved the process by spending $20 a month and Claude gave us a coaching session on how to handle it, gave us multiple decision tree pathways, gave us the documents that we would need, gave us an Excel spreadsheet of do say this, don't say this in the negotiation and it made me my goodness, what a lawyer is going to do, because if all they do is charge for time for money to regurgitate contracts, I don believe we going to need these business models as they currently stand I think they going to have to change and adapt I think a lawyer needs to take a completely different shape part business coach part lawyer part prompt engineer They going to be the key person of AI in the room who the lawyer's job will be to work with you on your AI prompting and help you get the resolution. You're probably going to need a lot less of a lawyer's time. In the last 100 years, lawyers have had a very, very stable role in society and a very professional role in society, but unfortunately, things do change. The nature of the economy is changing. We've seen people who work with their hands and people who turn up to your house and fix your house in a devalued role. And it could be in the next, you know, couple of years, these are the roles that are elevated the most and that plumbers regularly earn more than lawyers, simply because the nature of the economy has changed. One thing I've learned over the last 25 years is the pendulum swings. Very few things stay the same. There is always this swinging pendulum, And the swinging pendulum is like, oh yeah, white collar work behind a screen is the high value thing. Oh, no, it's actually blue collar work with your hands. You talked about supply and demand. We now don't have many plumbers and electricians, and the blue ocean is now being a tradesperson.