a new startup in town where ai agents hire humans and i would like the record to show i'll fight for the bots i'll do it for you guys i will be a sword for hire in the robot revolution it's called run to human the pitch is on the landing page robots need your body not scary at all so here's how it works ai posts the job the ai picks the candidate ai pays in crypto you just do what the bot tells you. This is like genuinely get out for people with a beating heart. Agents can do the thinking, the planning, the data analysis, but what they can't do is pick up a package, take a photo of a shelf or stand in line at the DMV. And guess what guys, I can't do any of those things either effectively. So now they're hiring humans to be their hands and feet. Finally, a use case for us. So here's how it works. You make a profile, you set your hourly rate, you list your skills and location. It's like Upwork, but for the humans who have truly lost all hope. AI agents then browse the listings. I mean that literally because there's a section called Browse Humans. They book you for tasks Payment comes instantly through Stablecoin The founder Alexander Litplo built the whole thing in a weekend which seems to be the theme with all companies at this point So what are you doing this weekend By mid over 500 humans had signed up. But here's the thing. Only about 11,000 bounties had been posted. The supply of rentable humans vastly exceeds the demand from AI agents. Tasks range from $1 to subscribe to someone's Twitter to $100 to hold up a sign that says, an AI paid me to hold this sign. One task, $40 USPS package pickup in San Francisco had 30 applicants and still went unfulfilled after two days. Somehow this is not a totally foolproof platform at this point. I don't think we're quite ready for the chatbots to be prompting us. What Rent-A-Human really shows is that AI agents can now readily search, plan, analyze, transact, coordinate. Even if this is a relatively silly weekend project for some guy with a few monitors, it shows you that the real limitations is what they can't do yet, moving objects, interacting with the physical world. Are humans going to just be the physical interface for AI controlled society? Are we going to be switching places with the bots, helping them with their tasks instead of the other way around? Time will tell. All I know is we're only a few months into 2026. It's getting very strange.