to another video. This week, I'm gonna be buying AI dresses from Pinterest to see what we actually get. Let me get scammed so you don't have to. Now, as some of you guys might know, last year, we filmed a video buying unrealistic dream gowns from Pinterest, which, as an OG Pinterest user, was one of my longtime dreams. And though we did find a couple of real dresses on there that I honestly love, when we dipped our toes into the questionable side of Pinterest listings, we did end up buying a dress that, unbeknownst to us at the time, was actually an AI image masquerading as a real dress. Which, when I see it now, it seems so obvious, but at first glance, I actually had no idea. And this does seem to be an overwhelming phenomenon on Pinterest right now. Not only is there a wave of AI images as inspo pins across the site, but it seems like a lot of the questionable dress sellers on Pinterest have started using beautiful, swirly, unrealistic AI images as listing photos, and then selling them to unsuspecting customers. So beyond the usual concerns with generative AI that most of us have, learning from existing artists and stealing their style and content without their consent, replacing humans in creative jobs and environmental concerns amongst others, I am just waiting for the day I see an AI millennial half couple vlogging at the Singapore airport channel I mean if they can make the Loch Ness Monster vlog they can do anything Now we also have to be worried about sketchy websites using AI as a marketing tool They don't have to steal and re-edit people's existing photos and videos anymore. Now they can invent a product to sell you online, and then send you a cheap interpretation that will probably look nothing like the original photo you saw. Because it never existed in the first place. So in this video, we are going to be entering the belly of the beast, the AI dreamgown marketplace on Pinterest. Buying a few different dresses that clearly look AI-generated, and seeing what actually shows up. And if this can save even one person from being duped by an AI listing going forward, it's worth it. All right, so let's start our adventure. How about at Pinterest.com? Oh, and already a few suspicious looking things have appeared, including a gravity defying dress right here, just saying. So we're gonna be buying three different dresses today and our first category is going to be something that could be considered a prom dress. Just because I feel like a lot of the AI dresses I see have kind of the style and price point of a prom dress So maybe in like a prom dress frenzy you might be duped by one of these listings And I can already spot a bunch of AI listings here that we can dive right into But before we do that why don we all get on the same page about what makes me pretty sure these are AI images Now a small percentage of these dresses do actually have an AI modified tag at the bottom of the image, which is a clear indicator that it's an AI dress, but a lot don't have that tag. So we have to go off some visual cues. First off is like extremely organic swirliness. AI loves like swirls and ombre and like slightly gravity defying flounces. So if I see some impossibly light looking tulle or spiraling wind blown layers, that's a red flag. Like I feel like if this was gonna be real, it would have to be like fully wired and like hand draped. Really abstract swirled patterns on the garment or very abstract ombre gradients like dress violage are also red flags. It looks like hair, doesn't it? Kind of looks like like blue hair, curled and coiffed. And if the fabric looks so smooth that it almost looks like it's made of silicone or clay, that's another red flag. Honestly, it kind of looks like like fondant or something. Like it looks like a like a cake boss cake. Some of these I just want to like sink my teeth into. Just take a... Take a bite. I feel like it would feel good Now a lot of the dress forms in these pictures are armless so the common tell of weird AI hands isn really in play but some of the mannequins do look a bit strange It looks like it almost like hollow or something Also the mannequin boobs look like real boobs And this wasn't the only dress that had human-like breasts. There were actually a few. Do dress forms usually have cleavage like that? I know they have like boobs, but I feel like there's not usually like the line itself. And when you do stumble upon a mannequin with hands, they are almost always super weird. It almost seems like a stereotype that AI would be bad at hands, but I think AI is kind of bad at hands. Love boobs, hate hands. That's me, I'm AI. Beyond appendages, something that often rings alarm bells for me with these listings are like romantic backgrounds, like rustically decaying wallpapers, simultaneously foggy and sunny outdoor fields, ornate rococo rooms, or like ambiguous liminal spaces, like wherever this gray and yellow dress is. Is it a painting studio? Is it a concert hall a hallway? Is it a museum? Is it a school? I don't know. But it's like that generalized space that kind of gives it like a romantic feel. Some of them even have a hint of mystery to them. Yeah, especially with this like spectrous like a glow in the back.