Here's the simplest guide to Claude skills, the single biggest upgrade to your Claude experience right now. Send this to anyone that you think needs it. I'm going to show you how to make them, how to tweak them, how to use them. Claude has made this incredibly simple now, so the least technical person you know could do it. Now, if you're familiar with custom GPTs and chat GPT, skills are a bit like that. They're predefined instructions for tasks where you want the process and output to be the same every time. A skill can do a lot of things. It can search the internet, It can access your tools that you've connected to. It can create documents, spreadsheets, webpages, PDFs. You just need to tell it what to do once and it will do that every time. Think about something that you do on a regular basis that you could train an intern how to do. That is a good candidate for your first Claude skill. And it's handy that Claude is actually very good at creating these skills for you, but it does obviously need a bit of input from you and the more the better. So just start by creating your first skill. open Claude and say let's create a Claude skill and here I've described what I want it to produce which is a certain type of document and once you've given it details of the job end the prompt with ask me whatever questions you need to ask to get all the information to make this skill excellent at what it does and it will ask you a series of questions and that just gets out of you the information it needs Now a good tip here is to remember that AI works best when you give it examples because it actually really good at mimicking And it can store those examples as reference files along with the skill instructions. So if you want your spreadsheets done a certain way or something written in a certain style, give it the examples and that will keep it really in line. Now, Claude will create that skill and then you just click that button and it goes into your skills. You don't even have to go into your settings. But by the way, if you want to go and check out which skills you've got installed, they now live in Customize in that left hand menu. Now, the first few times you use a new skill, be on the lookout for ways that you could tweak and refine it with a bit of extra instruction on what to do or not to do. And any time you can just tell Claude in the chat, update this skill. So, for instance, here I'm telling it to use my brand font as the header font in these documents. and I give it the font file and again it can store that file and use it as part of the skill. What's great about skills is you don't have to manually activate them they just automatically kick in when Claude knows that you want to get that thing done. Check out the playlist below for more Claude tips and follow me to learn all about AI for free.