China now has a tool that takes information from everywhere and shows you the future, and it only gets crazier from there. It was built by a 20-year-old. It was vibe-coded. In only 10 days, he got millions of dollars, and he went from intern to CEO overnight. Hi, I'm GigaChan. I do business in China and speak Chinese, and I like to tell you what's really going on over there. If you like checking out GitHub's global trending list, you might have seen Mirofish, which recently occupied the top spot. It's a versatile prediction tool that runs large-scale simulations using multiple independent AI agents, up to a million of them simultaneously. For my nerds out there, it does this using the Oasis engine from Camel AI, GraphRag for Knowledge Graphs, ZEP Cloud for Memory, and OpenAI SDK-compatible LLMs. But how'd it happen? You've got a senior undergraduate student at the Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, nicknamed Bai Fu. He's anxious about finding internships, so he decides to finish his grad project in advance. This project was called BettaFish. It collects public opinion data from over 30 social media platforms and then puts out structured analysis and you can tell it how you want it to do it His advisor dunked on him and told him it was garbage But it was up on GitHub and getting some traction To get over the hill, Bai Fu posted somewhere familiar to some, Xiaohongshu. Bai Fu was getting a lot of messages, and after a while, he decided to respond to one. They came from the founder of Shanda Group in Shanghai, who used to be the richest dude in China. and he dunked on him again, only this time he explained that he appreciated Baifu's demonstrated planning abilities. He had his internship. Baifu had latitude, so he got to work on a new project, and he thought to himself, what if he could seed information from the real world and build a high fidelity parallel digital world? Instead of just analyzing, you birth a digital microcosm that can predict the future. Shen Da threw in 30 million RMB and he built a beast. As far as we know, it's impossible to predict the future with 100% accuracy, but what if you had a tool that could make you the best at it? Yeah, so what would you use this for? I already have some ideas.