For personal reasons, I was looking for videos of the toothpaste manufacturing process. Big vats, stainless steel machinery, conveyor belts, and... ...giant bones? Oh. Of course. Welcome to the fresh hell of AI Factory videos. Three million views, seven million views, thousands and thousands of insightful comments. Very eye-opening Factory tour. This is seriously eye-opening and impressive. The video is truly impressive and eye-opening. Both informative and satisfying. The editing is clean, and the steps are easy to understand. Oh, they are, are they? Then tell me, how does this machine work? Or this one? And why, oh why, do they keep mixing all these colors? Friends, I know that this is the most pointless video in the world. It's like if bubblegum could take up megabytes. But I have a confession. I watched all 20 minutes of it. The whole thing. I'm not proud of it, but that's what I did. And so, as a penance, I present a sincere review of my experience. We begin with enormous bones being loaded into the machinery from a truck that desperately trying to erase its driver by the looks of it The bones are washed crushed into stones and ground into a fine dust which is then dispensed into ridiculously small containers before being shipped to a different factory where it's combined with water and mixed into a thick paste. Then there's a- Adding the surfactant. A third nozzle drips a mint flavored liquid and a mild foaming agent into the vo- A random voice appears. There's been no voice over this whole time. That came completely out of nowhere. Who is this? Is this a narrator? Or someone off camera explaining it live? There is no answer. Literally no answer. The question is meaningless. There was no camera. There was no speaker. There was no toothpaste factory. All I'm watching is a free associative collage of images. A computer's hallucination of what it thinks a toothpaste factory should look like. For years, content sorting algorithms have been showing us what they expect we'll want to see, now their descendants are building their own content, showing us what we imagine we might find if we could be bothered to go and look for it in the real world. Unfortunately, it is genuinely mesmerizing. This dazzling swirl of colors is truly soothing to the brain. TikTok brain rot never got me because I avoided it like the plague, but now here I am, transfixed by the pretty shapes. I'm a monkey just like you.