If you hate AI, you're probably white, and history backs this up. Bon appétit! I received a death threat for having used an AI stock photo in one of my videos. Now that's next-level hatred, but I quickly realized that the hate comes from the West. Surveys across dozens of countries find that excitement and trust in AI are much higher in emerging economies. Kenya, Ghana, India, Brazil, Indonesia, the list goes on. Now in North America and Western Europe, the majority believes AI will do more harm than good. Of course, there are big concerns about Gen AI's ethics and its environmental impact, and I'm not denying that. But under a lot of this Western moral panic, there's something deeper going on. Even inside Western countries, white voters are more negative on AI overall, while black and Latino voters are more positive about it. Hating AI has not much to do with education, a reverse to who feels most threatened by the way technology might rearrange society. Hear this out. People who have assumed that the intelligence will be built around them and their histories and their pasts now think that that same technology will go on to do to them what they did to others But then the people who were only on like the receiving end in recent history of a thing go like oh yeah maybe Change is good change AI would be the white people of everyone Yes, yes, yes. This is called a status threat. When the people who benefit from the old system feel like something is being taken from them or given to others. And history just repeats itself. When the printing press appeared in Europe in the 15th century, books suddenly got cheaper and reading much more accessible. But the people who controlled knowledge went feral. Monastic scribes stated that printed books were full of errors and a moral danger. Church and political authorities tried to ban them. Angry workers literally destroyed printing presses because they threatened their monopoly on controlling texts and who gets to be an author. AI plays a similar role today. Outside of the West, it's a lather. A way to access education, translation, healthcare, or finance advice that was never evenly distributed in the first place. I know that AI is terrible for the environment and that it's stealing from me as an artist. But my medical team also used AI to find the lifelong treatment I need. Actually, AI is already used every day to detect cancers and save lives. You're right to criticize everything that's wrong with AI, but this complex topic deserves nuance.