Before I was a full-time writer, I worked in intellectual property law, so this is a habit that I picked up to protect myself against theft of my work. However, with AI accusations being flung around for authors like candy at Halloween, I encourage all of you to take this tip and do this if you are not already. In the upcoming years, I 100% predict that there is going to be a lot of lawsuits in regards to defamation, libel, and wage laws because AI accusations are not just something that you say and then they disappear into the wind and you don't have to worry about them anymore. If you are on the receiving end of them and somebody has made this accusation, it can be career ending, especially if you are new. So here's the tip. Save every single draft as a new copy and label it which draft it is. So this means when you finish your first draft, instead of going back into your first draft for revisions and edits, go ahead and copy it as a new document. Do all of your revisions and edits in there and save that as your second draft. Your computer is going to timestamp when you last opened each of these documents. So for your first draft, it's going to have timestamp the last time that you opened it, your second draft, so on and so forth. This is going to be the best tool that you have to not only protect your work from somebody who might be trying to use it as their own and sell it as their own intellectual property, but it's also going to protect you from AI accusations. The reason is because this is going to show the natural progression of your work So you can write fast and this will still defend the validity of your creation It going to show what changed what improved what expanded what got cut And if anyone were to try to take your work as their own you have the trail of how you got to the final version of your story But also, if someone's trying to accuse you of AI, not only do you have the timestamps to show, like, I put in work to this. And once again, you can write fast and you can still prove it with the timestamps and how much work you put into it. But also it shows that you've gone through and you've made those revisions and those edits and you have used your real skill, your real brain, your real creativity to be able to do that. So if you are not saving your drafts as new copies and labeling them, which draft it is as you go along in your book and you keep them when you're finished with your book, do not delete them. Put them in a folder, put them on a flash drive, put them wherever you need to put them, but keep them. because like I said, I would predict in the next few years, we're going to see an onslaught of lawsuits for false accusations ruining people's careers or heavily detrimenting the money that they could have made off of their creation because somebody just didn't jive with their writing and decided that it must be AI because they, a singular person, didn't like it or that author used too many M dashes. I'm an M dash apologist. Actually, I don't apologize at all. I love them. They're all over my book and they're not AI at all. They're proper grammar as is a lot of the things that people are saying are clear-cut pathways to this author used AI. We just learned how to write.