Here's a list of some AI bands that you should block on Slopify and any other music streaming platform that you use. These are just some that I've unfortunately encountered. There are going to be a ton more. Let's go! First up, Roadkill Pickers. Absolutely disgusting AI image, and of course they have a ton of songs pumped out in a very little bit of time. Make sure to block them. Second, Bushido Girl. Same deal, just straight up AI slop. Third, The Whiskey Rebellions, and this is such slop that is so unbelievably bad that when the first song of theirs came on in an Irish punk radio playlist I was listening to while I was working, I literally had to do a double take. I pulled myself out of my work hyper fixation because the lyrics and music were so uninspired and so bad. I was like, is this AI? Go to their page. Sure enough. Yup. And they're one of those bands that tries to pose as not AI and their write up is so bad. Whoever used the prompt to generate this should legitimately be embarrassed. It's so stupid. Block this slop show immediately. Next, the devil inside. Outlaw country. More like outlaw this abomination, whoever creates AI slop music should go to jail for fraud. This one is particularly egregious to me because when you look at the band page, they try to make it seem like this is real. They use just absolutely disgusting slop images of the band, and then they have another just completely dumbass write-up of pretending that these are real people. So happy blocking and supporting real human-made music. Again, these are just the bands that I've encountered. Unfortunately, there are thousands and tens of thousands of these fake bands infecting and degrading platforms like Slopify as they allow this issue to run rampant. And again, while I'm no expert, the best way you can try and spot AI music is, first of all, listen to it. It'll be completely uninspired. You should be able to pick it out, although it's not always easy. I like to listen to a lot of instrumental music, so that's unfortunately how it worms its way into my algorithms. And then go look at the band page. They will almost always have an AI slop image generated. They'll have a totally incoherent blurb about it written, and then you will almost always see a ton of music produced in very little time. Here's to supporting humans and real art.