The AI revolution is, in essence, a collapse in the price of intelligence. Large language models like ChatGPT, Gemini and Claw deal in tokens rather than words, and they're priced by the million, which is about 750,000 words. And the price ranges from four cents per million for not-so-smart to hundreds of dollars per million for really smart. And the average price is about $25 US per million, or $35 Aussie. Now, most people don't pay anything, of course, because the first few queries are free, after which there's a subscription, usually $20 a month. Businesses use agents called agentic AI to do tasks that either increase productivity or cut costs, that is, help humans or replace them. And those agents do buy tokens by the million and they shop around for them. But back to words. The union rate in Australia for freelance writing is $1.12 per word, but no one pays that. The real rate is about 50 cents if you're lucky. So 750,000 words costs $375,000. Someone writing two 1 word articles per week would take eight years to produce that much and earn the equivalent of the minimum wage The average AI price for those words all of them is in total a discount of 99.99%. And it wouldn't take eight years either, a few hours at most. The tokens also turn into code or numbers, pictures, songs and videos, so every white-collar job and a few others is facing the same commoditisation of intelligence as journalists. The words won't be as good, of course, but AI is just starting out, don't forget. getting better all the time. And anyway, publishers often don't care, they just want to fill the space between the ads. So, the firing of human synapses and neurons costs what it takes to keep that human fed and happy, working a 35-hour week, paying a mortgage, having a holiday once or twice a year, and saving for retirement. The firing of AI semiconductors uses much more electricity than neurons, but it doesn't eat or take a break, and it can answer a million questions at once. Now this sort of price disruption has happened many times before in many industries where the incumbents have had to adapt or go out of business. But with this one, we're the incumbents.