Check out the new scanner here. It's from Moodcar. Shout out to Moodcar for sending this out. One of the best scanners that you can get is powered by Thincar. And this is just one step ahead of the Thincar that I have. This is the the 892BT with the dongle that fits right in here. Magnetic. It's plugged in right now. This is a full diagnostic scan tool. It scans every module that's in your car including your engine, transmission, ABS, SRS, and more. It supports 34 4 plus service resets you can see right over here you get abs bleeding ecu reset you get your oil reset brake pair reset you can even put the rear electronic brakes into maintenance mode if you have one of those you can auto detect your vent of the vehicle which is cool it's got this cool animation over here going on i don't have any lights on on the dash but the scanner did pick up the air suspension and the tpms codes buka also supports live data you can see right here and that can help you with your diagnostic as well You can also view live data in the graphic form right here As you can see this is my rpm has a built ai assistant to help you diagnose your car across something that you not familiar with you can use the ai system to help you and pinpoint where you need to diagnose your car you can customize the car exactly how you want the lexus does tilt and telescope the steering wheel as soon as you put in your key you can literally just turn that off by using this function right over here, off, take the key out, the steering wheel no longer goes back. And now I set it back on, I turn it off, take the key out, and now the steering wheel does go back to its original form. The mood card also has bi-directional command, ECU coding, and ECU programming. The best part about the scanner, besides all the features that I just showed you, it comes with lifetime free updates. Don't have to worry about monthly subscription, yearly subscription. All you have to do is pay for the scanner and you're set for life. I'm gonna have this link down below. Free lifetime update. Like I said, you just have to spend your money once and you don't have to worry about it for the rest of your life. Check it out.