It's really interesting to see here that there is a lot, a lot of comments here and upvoting around Claude's max usage. So this is its most expensive model that you can buy without going into the Teams and the Enterprise section. So 20x usage and it was gone in 19 minutes. And if you go down in that thread you'll see there's a lot of other people that are complaining about the same thing. So like everything I think there's probably two sides to this story. but I think one of the important things to bear in mind here is that whilst Claude is now giving you a much larger context window, so a million tokens for its Opus 4.6, and that is fantastic for if you've got really complicated things, you need to give it lots of information, you need to let it really work away. Claude is also taking that freedom and it is going and using it and it's absolutely burning through all the token usage. And someone's saying here the 20x plan in 19 minutes, that is pretty wild. So if they really have done that, then it must have spun up a load of sub-agents and probably done a lot of hard work. For me, I guess the question comes with, you know, was that work good enough? And 19 minutes of work, does that equal what would have taken somebody three, four days, five days of work? Because if so, the 20x plan is still really good value for money, I think. However, conversely, if in 19 minutes all it's really done is spun up a load of info and stuff that actually isn't that useful and you haven't got the end of a project and now you've got to sit for four and a half hours or spend another $200 to get a second plan or move on to the API or the enterprise plan it's probably not good value so people are going to look around I know that Gemini 3.1 is is really good probably not as good as Claude in my experience and from what others have said as well but maybe people will start looking around and say do you know what actually maybe Gemini maybe it's about the same price I think on introduction but I think it does double in price after three months so anyway let me know what you think in the comments below are you finding the same thing how are you managing this