I'm taking this video so that people can understand, like, this is the video prior to the video. This is, like, this is the farmland that you're driving through until you come to the AI data center. Like, it is nothing but just super rural homes. Beautiful homes. Like, we're rural. Very rural. and then like just to give you an idea so like that's literally just so rural and then here we go we're about to pull up on it you can start to see the lights from back here it's so intrusive because you're just it's literally like 30 plus miles maybe more of nothing but just beautiful rural farmland And then here you go. It's raining so forgive the lights. and I'll stop recording when I get to the end of it like the first time I drove this it genuinely made me so emotional because I haven been this way I haven left town in like a year like gone this way in like a year And I knew they were starting this but I didn know it was this impactful Look at all the semi trucks, all the cement trucks you'll drive by. I didn't realize how impactful it was until I made the drive again. And then I was just so floored and flabbergasted. Again, this is rural, like super rural. Ain't nothing for miles. Indiana. Way out here in BFE. And it just keeps going and going and going. And then when I recorded the other video, I cut it short by accident. because there's this little like, I don't know, parking lot thing here where they park their cars or whatever. I don't know much about construction, sorry. But then it pauses for like a really short, brief thing. And then here we go over here again. It continues on for more and more and more. And I don't know if you read in my comments, if someone read in my comments, But allow me to say that this meta AI data center that they are putting in here, that's taking up all this beautiful farmland that we will never be able to replace. The beautiful AI center that they're putting in here that's still building, that I'm still recording, it's only going to employ one to 500 people. So all this for about the same amount of jobs as my local Walmart. Seems pretty fucking insane. Just saying. And there it stops, finally.