OpenAI made $100 million from ads in six weeks. It's easily the fastest start for any ad business in history, but that is not the most interesting part. That's not what I want you to pay attention to. I want you to think about this. Most of the people eligible for ads, 80% of us who are on the free plan eligible for ads on ChadGPT never saw an ad over the course of that $100 million ramp up. In other words, there are so many people using ChadGPT so much of the time, they can run a $100 million business and not touch 80% of us. And they're going to keep scaling from there. And they say self-serve ad buying starts in April. This is a very different surface than search purchasing, right? Search is where you have an active intent and you want to surface something that exactly matches that intent. This is going to be harder because someone's in the middle of thinking and solving a problem. And you have to ask yourself, are you showing up at the right moment? If you're wondering what kind of thinking and problem solving people do, obviously we put our whole lives into ChatGPT, or so many of us do these days. So if you're thinking to yourself, this is going to be a bunch of personal ads for people it might be There may be a personal element to it but there may also be a surprising amount of professional help professional tooling kind of ads as well I expect Chad GPT to get to over a billion dollar run rate in the next few months on ads and they can do that very easily just by scaling up to 100% of free users seeing ads, and just by starting to tap into the self-serve ad market. And we're all going to be figuring out together, one, whether we like the ads, whether they're relevant, whether they're appropriate, whether they violate our privacy and we don't want to use the service anymore, and whether or not it's actually appropriate to put an ad in LLM. And if it is, how you do it well. Because I think we're going to have strong opinions on whether it's done well or not. And if they're smart, ChatGPT will be surveying people to figure out what ad presentation is least intrusive. This is similar to what Instagram did when they first rolled out ads, where the CEO of Instagram would personally approve every ad creative that went out initially because he didn't want to ruin the vibe of the platform. Sam is, not as far as I know, doing that, but they need that kind of care to not ruin the experience for the free platform. Either way, ads are coming. Cheers.