This woman was arrested in Tennessee for alleged fraud in North Dakota. But here's the thing, she says she's never even been there. Police say AI-driven facial recognition technology helped identify her as a potential suspect. We're happy to acknowledge when we make errors and we've made a few in this case for sure. Angela Lips, a 50-year-old grandmother, was arrested in July on a warrant tied to bank fraud cases in Fargo, North Dakota, according to police. Fargo police chief Dave Zabulski told CNN that investigators used facial recognition from a partner agency, as well as other investigative steps, quote, independent from AI. That system, used by West Fargo police, flagged lips as a potential suspect based on an image from a fake ID used in the fraud case, Zabulski said at a news conference. Our partner agency over at West Fargo purchased their own AI facial recognition system that we were not aware of at the executive level anyway. We would not have allowed that to be used and it has since been prohibited. West Fargo police shared the report from the AI tool with Fargo police, though it didn't have enough evidence to charge anyone and only shared information, the department said in a statement. Lips lawyers say bank records later showed she was in Tennessee at the time of the alleged crimes. She spent more than three months in a Tennessee jail before being extradited to North Dakota, according to Fargo police and her lawyers. Lips described her extradition in a GoFundMe page launched to help her rebuild her life, writing that she was terrified and exhausted and humiliated. In December, prosecutors moved to dismiss the charges after informing police that the defense produced, quote, potential expulatory evidence. Lips was released on Christmas Eve. Police have not issued an apology, saying the case is still ongoing and charges could be refiled. Zabulski added, police are still considering any disciplinary measures for officers involved in the investigation. The case comes as police departments across the US expand their use of AI tools, even as experts warned they could lead to serious mistakes if not carefully verified. LIPS lawyers say they're now exploring civil rights claims.