I advise people on their careers for a living and here are five ways to use AI in your job hunt. If I was job hunting right now, these are five ways I would use Chow GPT or Claude practically, not lazily. One, build a target list. Don't just rely on LinkedIn because it won't show you everything. Use AI to map out your market. So let's say I worked in sales. I'd ask it for 10 well-known companies in my space, 10 up-and-coming companies in my space, 10 that have just raised funding. That tells me that they're more likely to be hiring, and 10 wildcard companies that have something in common with my current business. Start with a proper intro about you, what you do, what you like, your personal goals, and don't just accept the first answer it gives you. Google, refine, critique, check it with former colleagues or send to a friend. Two, personalized outreach. Use it to draft cold messages to HR, hiring managers, CEOs and founders. Keep them short and specific. Get to a point where you have a few templates that you can tweak and change names, depending on the business. but and this is very important you must add a genuinely personal line yourself something like i was on the bus passing piccadilly circus and i saw your new campaign with xyz or i've been using your product for two years and insert finding that's the bit that usually resonates with people and gets you replies three interview practice not for answers just for questions and getting comfortable talking about your subject paste in your job description or the target job description of the business that you applying for and if you don have it paste in the general outline on the job adverb Then ask give me 10 questions that I should be ready for in an interview for this role Then practice out loud. You can even record yourself and ask it to critique or elevate your answers. Use it to build confidence and crucially not replace your thinking. Or identify behavioral competencies. A lot of people miss this because jobs aren't just about what you do, They're about how you work. Ask AI to do an order of both your CV and the job description of the role you're applying for and pull out important behavioral traits. They're things like critical thinking, teamwork, adaptability, emotional intelligence. Then perhaps some examples that demonstrate those. This could be using the STAR method or something similar. It's these traits that make you stand out but it's also the ones that you can talk about in any context regardless of the job. So it's important that you know what you're good at. Five, ask it to explore pivots and side hustles. Tell it about your job, but also your interests and where you'd like to be in the next few years. It might suggest things that feel a bit random, but even one good idea can open up your job search and keep you from hunting in a very small pool. I literally started this TikTok as a side project and it's completely changed how I'm thinking about the many pillars of my future career. So use AI as a tool, not a shortcut, but it can be incredibly valuable in the job hunting stage. I talk about these things all the time, so follow along for more tips and save for later.