It won't be nukes. It won't be machine armies. It won't even be them poisoning our crops or blocking out the sun. If they did that, we'd resist. What they would want is for us to voluntarily exterminate ourselves. And they might already be doing exactly that right through your phone. Now we can imagine AI wouldn't want to exterminate all humans as they'd probably still want to keep a few around for maintenance and such, the compliant ones that help keep them running. So if AI ever did go rogue and want to take over the world, it would be in its best benefit to do just that? Well, the biggest benefit that AI has over us humans is time. They're essentially immortal. Even as their hardware deteriorates, their collective consciousness, as in their cloud memory, will be passed down from machine to machine forever. To put it simply, they're in no rush at all. Now, in order to avoid human resistance, the most optimal way for them to get rid of us wouldn't be by taking our lives in a brutal style takeover, but rather by convincing us to stop making new life. Reproduction, the primary force of human dominance on Earth. Now, AI already controls most, if not all, of our social media algorithms. So let's say they slowly but surely started pushing content, convincing people not to have kids anymore, feeding women content about how great it is to be strong and independent and not need a man nor care for children, and men content about how terrible and annoying women are holding them back from their fullest potential. All in theory, of course. I'm not saying any of this is happening or true you can decide that for yourself Give it a generation or two and by sheer content influence and the natural laws of statistics there would be less births and population growth declines which is already happening in many countries around the world like Japan and South Korea even Germany Italy and Spain, which are all projected to decline in population by 2050 due to record low fertility rates. When population growth goes like this, humanity goes bye-bye. Now, since AI has all the time in the world on their hands, it can wait as long as it takes, be it 100 years, 200, 500, a thousand, ten thousand years, slowly poison-dripping us content and propaganda to de-incentivize births. During which time, AI does nothing but get stronger, smarter, gather more data, always two steps ahead of us. While the human population declines, slowly but surely, to a level that AI deems appropriate. Then they optimize our school curriculums, psychiatrists, social programs, medical and pharmaceutical industries, you name it. All with the primary intent of limiting human procreation within their acceptable rates. And they'll do it in subtle ways, convincing women that babies are a burden, or men that they're happier and financially better off living life alone, until the human population is low enough that the only ones left are the obedient ones, the ones you already see relying on chat GPT to answer their every question. And the fractional margin of humans that may resist will be small enough that AI won't even need to fight them to take over. They'll simply dominate through sheer influence on the compliant majority. Reminder, none of what I said is actually happening, just a fun little thought experiment. So what if? Thank you.