Avenue, just in case anyone wants to know. They seem to think it's important that we all tell everybody where we live. I haven't heard any of you say that before you spoke. It seems that this is a pattern that I'm picking up here. This is the first town meeting I've ever been to, So this is all new for me. And very disappointing. I voted in the elections that put all of you here. So did all these people. I heard someone back there, I don't know who it was, say that you are elected officials, not leaders. Very good point, whoever it was. Beautiful. That is the truth. Okay? No one went to your doors, knocked on them and said, please run for office. Please. No, you all volunteered. And yet I see an entire panel up here, especially you, sir. The mayor of all people should set a precedent for everyone else on this council. You very rarely even look at people in the eye. Okay? The entire time you're looking down, you said you're taking notes. Someone made a very good point. This is all being recorded. See? And there's transcribers. You could go back, and there's transcribers, exactly. You could go back, look at the notes, go over it later. Trust me, you're still getting paid. It's coming out of our taxes. It's on the ground. Okay? You can go home Put in some extra time I am so sorry that this entire time I see boredom irritation that we all bothering you with this concern about our health our homes our children our property values, if all you can think of is financial reasons. How there are property values, No one said a goddamn thing about that. No one said once how our property values are going to bottom out. Okay? No matter how many standards you have, sir. Okay? Apparently they're not high enough for us. Because our standard is, and I think that you guys have figured this out, and if we haven't made it abundantly clear, we do not want a warehouse. We do not want an AI data center. We don't want any of it. And the reason nobody showed up before like this to complain is because we didn't know. You know, the double standard, okay, is ridiculous. Don't go away. We voted you in, sir. Look, I'll be as respectful as you are to me. Honestly. You're the mayor, and I know you feel as though right now that we should treat you as such, as your office. but you are not treating us the same way. Respect is earned. You don't just get it. You don't just get it because you tricked us into electing you.