What am I doing? I'm not exercising. No, I'm moving my fingers really fast to show you that one of the tests that you can do for AI, you think someone might be a fake AI avatar, and that is a real thing. Ask them to move their hands around quickly. Ask them to turn their head to the side like that really fast, see if artifacts appear. Those are all things that security researchers say are much, much more effective than the viral three-finger test. The three-finger test is to say, can you hold three fingers up in front of your face like this? And the problem with that is that AI can actually do that now, and so that's not super effective. leverage the fact that most of these AI video models are now trained on front-facing shots like this. So if I'm turning to the side, you're going to see a little jawline smear, something like that, that starts to appear. Or they're not trained to handle physics and world models. So you see how this like bends around when I move my shirt and you see the shadows moving very quickly. The more quickly you're able to do that, the more quickly you're able to see the shadow move, the more you know that this is likely to be the real thing. And yes, I'm the real deal. And of course, there's the complicated backdrop. And so you can just pull a book off the shelf and you can say, oh, we can do hard things. We can start to talk about how AI can help us to understand the world without assuming that everything we see online is real. And by the way, this also goes for audio. None of this detects deepfake audio, but that's another thing that you should be aware of. 31% of consumers say they've experienced deepfake audio in the last year. The number is growing. You should have a family safe word. So if you get deep faked audio of a family member, you know whether or not that's a real family member. They need to know the word. Otherwise, you have to assume it's a deep faked audio at this point. So just some safety tips. Stay safe out there. Know who's real. Know who's not real. Yes, I'm real.