Welp, they did it. They built a quantum AI in China and it predicts the weather and it outperforms classical AI. And by the end of this video, you're going to understand how it works. Hi, I'm Giga Qian. I do business in China and I tell you guys about major breakthroughs like this before anyone else does. And more importantly, I want to wish every single one of you a very happy Easter. This just happened, like just happened, at the University of Science and technology in Hefei, which is the capital of China's Anhui province. In the West, and really around the world, people think the key to improving AI is scaling. We want more. More layers, more nodes, more data centers, more power. But China did it with nine atoms, so it really wasn't about power. What was the secret then? It sounds rather poetic, but it was in learning to forget. But before we break that down, let's talk about the hardware. It was a quantum reservoir computer. To explain reservoir computing, I'll use a classic metaphor. Imagine pouring different colored dyes into a tank or reservoir of water. The water then swirls and mixes the colors together, creating complex patterns. But if you're smart about how you observe this, you can determine what colors went in and predict what's going to happen next. So the water is the reservoir, and it obviously doesn't need training It just needs to be chaotic enough to create patterns What you train is the readout You can think of this as which ripples matter Which brings us back to the nine atoms They naturally interact in complex ways But what about the learning to forget Okay here's the genius part. If you've been following me, you know environmental disturbances usually destroy quantum calculations. The systems are noisy. But what if you could use that noise? Weather calculations need fading memory. That means you need to remember recent data clearly, but you need to gradually forget the old data. There's a lot going on and you don't want the system to get overwhelmed, but you also don't want to forget too fast and lose important context. If you really just think about how weather works in your own observations, this makes sense. Quantum noise creates this fading effect. The system loses information in a smooth, predictable way. Think about like an echo when you scream and your voice slowly reverberates into oblivion. So this noise becomes the memory management system. So I'm not telling you that infinitesimal can replace the grandiose. This is about a new way to build AI for time series tasks, and the implications are profound. Instead of constantly fighting the mind-bending dynamics of quantum physics, you are now actually extracting value from them. And if time series sounds boring to you, I know we've already discussed weather. Sensor data probably won't pique your interest. How about stock trends? After all this time, it really is like Bruce Lee said, be like water.