Posted a video shitting on AI, it's at a million views, so I have a lot of comments on that video that I want to talk about very briefly. I'm not going to be talking about AI forever, I'm going to take a break after this. First comment I was seeing is like, get on board with AI or you're going to be left behind, like you sound like a Luddite with being against technology. Okay, number one, none of you guys are profiting off of AI. You are not the CEOs, like this is not a public utility. So why are you like simping so hard for AI and not being paid to do so? second thing there have been a lot of dissenters in history against technological advancements when they have been unjust at too fast of a pace etc like it's very historically inaccurate to paint me as a luddite for being concerned about ai when social media was first being rolled out and using all of our data and people were really worried about what would happen if all of these companies knew everything about us there were dissenters at the time maybe you just didn't know that on this point i got this a lot in the comment section from anti-ai people like AI is free now, but one day they're going to put it behind a paywall and everyone's going to lose their skills to like use their brain and write an email because you've been using AI. So definitely it's not free. They're using you. You are the product. Second comment is that AI equalizes access to information. I'm sorry. AI is just summarizing what you can get on Google. It's not like giving you new information. It's just summarizing it. So you're not necessarily learning anything new from AI that not already on the internet Sure It speed up the process but also AI is so inaccurate Please do not take medical advice from AI okay I Googled myself and AI thinks I have a different boyfriend than I do as a public figure So it not accurate. And the whole like equalized access and opportunity thing. Okay. All of these AI data centers that are being built in the backyards of black and brown communities that is increasing pollution in their, in their neighborhoods and in their water supply. Like, I don't think that's like a great equalize. Are we not worried about what's going to happen with like information? I I mean, people already don't trust any news source or people across the aisle. But what's going to happen to like our social fabric if AI takes over everything? Like, how are you going to trust if something you read is actually real or AI? Thinking about like history and politicians, did a politician actually say that? Is that actually historically inaccurate or not? Because a lot of these AI models and generative AI have been wrong time and time again. I just don't know how people aren't concerned. I guess my biggest concern is the pace of the rollout of AI and how it's being forced upon us. and there aren't any regulations and policy to slow down AI and think about the long-term ethical and societal consequences of it. Like, if you can convince me that I shouldn't be scared about AI, that it's not being like rolled out in this very, very dystopian way, try me in the comment section if you love AI. I've read a lot of articles and think pieces from former AI whistleblowers saying like, hey, no one is giving a fuck about the ethics, the process, the regulations, the long-term implications on safety, etc. So I don't feel safe that AI is being like force in our face at once. I probably could keep talking about this, but this is all that I have for today. So let me know in the comments what you think.