Let's get ready while I talk about some AI predictions that I have. As someone who is a product designer, pays for the $100 version of Claude, and talks to LLM so much that I definitely probably have LLM psychosis at this point. I think that the way that we interact with our technology and our computers is going to fundamentally change over the next five years. In the world of agentic AI, we are not going to be the ones that the internet is built for. and the internet is going to be built for us to tell an agent to execute whatever task it is that you want like we want to do so say that i have a vacation coming up and i want to book a bunch of hotels i don't think that anymore that i'm going to open expedia or i don't know hotels.com or like any website like that i think i'm probably going to hire an ai travel agent that i'm going to describe to what i'm looking for in a hotel they're going to book everything for me find the most competitive price and i think that it's going to be the same for buying your groceries for buying maybe even clothes i think that the next layer of the internet is going to be built for bots which is kind of ironic since the entire internet right now is built to be anti-bot so i think that the next companies that really take off are literally just going to be taking boring businesses and making them able to be accessed by agents second kind of in this same vein i think that the way that we interact with our phones is going to be a lot more human. Let me explain So as I said before I think that we gonna be using agents to really carry out the grand majority of tasks that we want to complete online I think that little wearable devices that we speak to is going to be the next frontier of that Because why would I sit there typing to a chatbot when it's so much faster for me to just verbally communicate what it is that I'm trying to do? I already have seen this in my use of Claude. Like I heavily, heavily utilize the voice to text feature because it's just so good at word detection. like i think that the future of the internet and the future of mobile devices looks like siri if siri actually freaking worked like siri if i could tell it hey siri i need to book a reservation tomorrow at an italian restaurant can you find me three cool ones in the city and it actually worked and booked me the reservation rather than like sitting there and fighting with me over the dumbest thing ever apple please get it together and fix siri but that's an aside that There already are a couple of players in this wearable device space like Limitless which just got acquired by Meta, WOD which is like a note pin, OMI I believe. There's like a bunch of different players in this space but I think that one, Meta acquiring Limitless is just an indicator of where the world sees this technology moving. But yeah those are some of my opinions. I have a lot of other opinions but I think I'm gonna keep it to this for now. Let me know if you agree or disagree with me in the comments. And if you have a different opinion than me, I would love to hear it. And let me know why you think I'm wrong. I'm Elisa. I make videos on design, AI, and whatever it is that I'm building at the moment. So if you guys liked this, follow for more. And I'll see you in the next one. Bye.