Teams that use AI as a collaborative partner are three times more likely to generate top-tier innovative ideas. It's a nice stat, right? But here's what that can look like in practice. Everyone processes information differently, but most people struggle to articulate it for themselves, let alone somebody else. It's just the things that you know how you think, but how do you explain to somebody all the things that are flying around inside your head and how that informs decisions and what you say and what you think and what you feel, all that, right? So Neely and my co-founder and I are deep in post-launch mode. We were gearing up for an activity that we needed to do today that was probably going to take us hours. But we realized that we were both kind of on slightly different pages. So we both went to our respective clods and started trying to unpack our own thought processes so that we could articulate them, capture them, and then work on how we approach this most effectively together. um not like this is like genuinely very high like high level stuff not personality labels not assessments nothing like that I could give you my thoughts on personality assessments I won that that a thing for another time But we had Claude generate these outputs these markdown files, which like, if you're not familiar, a markdown file is just a plain text file. So instead of folding, it's asterisks, things like that. But we gave that to each other. We read through it for the other person and then fed that to our own Claude and helped us bridge the gap on our own for how we work together. So the thing that we were going to take probably a couple hours to do, we did in like 90 minutes. Like when I say hours, I was thinking like at least a full day today, probably more. But I'm sharing this because I think there's so much abstract conversation around like what does using AI effectively and collaboratively look like. There's a lot of ways to do it. I wanted to share this one because I know I could have benefited from this if I were still in my traditional corporate role. But if you are building with somebody, anybody, a teammate, you are building a company, you are building a product, whatever you are building, understanding how the other person's brain works is formally a nice to have, but it can give you such an edge right now. So if you want me to go more into how we did this and how we kind of structured it, how we approached it, I'm happy to, but give it a try. I promise you will help.