Door, door half cracker, smoke in the hole, ass on the floor, phone on the door Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Black hoodie, work on the stove, scale on the counter, numbers in code, curtains drawn. Blue tape on the wall, neighbors hear dumps, never make a call. Late, late rent stack, I tax off the rear, yeah Two missed knocks, that's cops, keep shut Plastic on the mattress, cash in the vent I pray for forgiveness, then raise up the rent Trap house music, 4 a.m., uh Hearthstone call, we choosin' We choosin', door don't creep Then the bag ain't movin' If the flow don't shake, then the bass ain't provin' Trap house music, same dark loop Got the whole lot losing. It's up on no green. Then the sky ain't blueish if the scale don't sing. Then the night's still foolish. Still pop, boys, fooling the flame. Static on the TV, face off frame. Crumpled up notes, one name, two days. Gun on the fridge, next to COVID, yes. I sleep in my jeans, people scratching. Ha One eye crack front no latch Plan for the future on a stain no pad Toy that page use it all for a bag Ooh ooh ooh Trap out music 4 a uh hearthstone cold we choosin We choosin' If the door don't creep Then the bag ain't movin' If the flow don't shake, then the bass ain't groovin' Trap out music Same dark loop, got the whole block losin' If the phone don't ring Then the sky ain't blue, it's just the scale don't sing Then the night's still fooling Black gloves drying on the space, see the glow Backdoor jam from the last bad show Broken down couch, one spring in my spine Clock on the wall, still quarter past crime I'm still calling, name on the screen I stared, don't float, let it just scream Said I leave last week, last month, last June Still here, same room, same off key tune Trap house music 4 a.m. Hearts don't cold, we choose We choose it, the door don't creep Then the bag ain't moving, if the flow don't shake Then the bass ain't groovin' Trap house music Same dark loop, got the whole block losin' If the phone don't ring Then the sky ain't blue, if shit this girl don't sing Then the night's still foolish All the days, all the days, all the days All the days, all the days Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.