If you've been looking for a way to actively oppose generative AI, you want to support indie artists, and you have one dollar, this video is for you. Hi, my name is Max Fulper, and I'm the sound designer and editor, as well as a player in Rivers of Confluence, a seafaring, heart-fut-and-hilarious new actual play D&D podcast. Our talented team has been hard at work beginning the production on Season 2, and our Kickstarter is live for two more days. We're raising money on our Kickstarter to raise funds for our second season. and we're ecstatic to announce that we actually hit our Kickstarter goal as of yesterday. So thank you so much to everyone who contributed. But we're not done yet. We have a series of stretch goals on our Kickstarter that would allow us to do even bigger, even better, even more well-funded things in our second season. We have an incredibly talented team of hardworking, real human artists behind our project. This is Gabriel. He does all of our cover art, all of our character art, and the wonderful artwork assets that you see on our socials. This is Justin. He wrote, composed, and performed our theme song at Quest for Alley, streaming on all platforms now. This is Jay, our fearless Dungeon Master. He writes all of our stories from scratch and brings to life the grand adventures that we get to go on in our podcast. And my name is Max. I do all of our content editing dialogue editing and sound design We have some really awesome stretch goals on our project including a fully written version of Sable journal as seen in season one of Rivers of Confluence an extra episode added to the runtime of our second season adventure, a mini-series where we all play as the other crew members of the damned, the fearless NPCs, and a scripted audio fiction series where we explore the emergence of each of our original crew members for season one. If everyone who follows us on social media gave us $1, dollar, we could go above and beyond our stretch goals. Now, of course, not everybody has a dollar to spare, but if you do, and you believe in supporting indie projects and real human non-AI work, then consider making a donation to our Kickstarter. You can find the link in our bio to view the full story of our project, a breakdown of how the funds will be used, more information on all of our stretch goals, and more. And if this is your first time seeing us, you can also check out the link in our bio to view our podcast, streaming on all major platforms to see if we're worth your Again, thank you so much to everyone who's already contributed. It really means the world to us, and it's what makes this work possible. We are so ecstatic to share with you guys what we've been cooking up for Season 2. And we'll see you next time on Rivers of Conference.