This past Friday, I went to MIT to go to the Imagination in Action AI Summit. At this conference, hundreds of the top AI experts and authority figures come to talk about AI and also listen to the panels curated by the head of Imagination in Action, which is this guy here, John Warner. I want to talk about some of my favorite moments and kind of insights I saw during my time. This is my first panel that I saw of the event. And this was with Alex Finn, who is a large tech influencer with, you know, a big YouTube presence and Twitter presence. And he really came to fame through OpenClaw and him really being early out on OpenClaw. Some of the insights that he mentioned were distribution is what matters most in the tech space right now. Don't be boring. You can learn to be interesting. Lean into your interest and a lot more creators will define the new normal when it comes to the AI and tech space. Then there was this talk right here, which was really interesting with Wade Foster, who is the co-founder of Zapier, which is a huge automation platform that's used by many enterprise companies. In the talk, he talks about how friction was overcame at his organization with AI by them doing hackathons. He talked about why or how the organizations could justify the cost of AI And he was basically saying that it means that you might be out innovated if you don make that cost to AI And then he also talked about how access to tools via AI needs to be happening in a governed way. A really interesting insight that he had as well was that all of the middle work is disappearing within organizations and he says that's where a lot of the hurt is going to be felt. And one of the last insights that I have here is that he said that five to 10 years, all the stuff that's overhyped will look underhyped. He says that the timelines are just off as far as, you know, people saying AI models can do this or that. And he and I tend to agree with him. One of his closing remarks on the panel was a interesting correlation between the rise of social media and the rise of the AI age. We talked about when he was in college, Facebook was just rising and becoming the power it is today. And during that time period, the idea of a social media manager wasn't even a thing. But now we have thousands of those types of jobs. And that same thing is going to happen for the AI industry, where we're going to see all of these different roles come up from the AI industry that we are not even thinking about currently. So what are going to be those jobs and positions that come out of the AI industry? This has been part one of me talking about my favorite moments of imagination and action. I'll make a couple more parts later on this week. Remember, this has been Mastering Machines, where we discover tomorrow's reality.