Okay, part two of how I'm using Claude as my personal assistant to save me hours every single week as a small business owner because you loved part one so much. Everything I'm about to talk about here is via co-work on the Claude desktop app, so make sure you have that downloaded. This is probably one of my favorites. Monday morning, 9am, Claude sends me an email and it is basically like a 360 overview of everything that's happening in the business. This includes Shopify sales, new customers. This includes like our average order value, how our emails have been performing. And it also tells me what projects we're working on and what is overdue from last week. So instead of me having to check five different dashboards and spreadsheets on a Monday morning, this just gives me a summary, really helps me get super clear on a Monday morning of what we should be focusing on for the week or if there's anything urgent that I need to address. The other thing we've been doing that saves so much time is around influencers and creators that we work with. It is quite a time-consuming process like trying to vet different influences and creators essentially what we've got Claude doing is every single week Claude will scan social media and the internet and basically just finds new creators for us to work with I obviously asked it to pull in a bunch of different data that I want to know about the creator and then it adds it to a Monday board for us and changes the status so that my team know that this is a new creator that they need to reach out to We actually have a lot of our creator process automated at the moment. We really wanted to be focusing on building relationships with creators and not doing all the admin work. So if you do want me to do a video about this, let me know. If you want to make more content, you're going to love this one. So one of the other things I've been doing is getting Claude to do a personal content briefing for me. So this gets sent to my email every single day. In the briefing, it looks at what is trending, like trending sounds. It looks at a Notion board that I have dumped a thousand ideas into that I have not filmed yet. And it sends the scripts and hooks back to the task in Notion and updates the task so that I've got the full script and a bunch of hooks sitting there. Apart from the trending sounds and the talking points, I've also gotten it to send me a bunch of different updates about what's happening in the marketing landscape, what's happening on social media, and basically just like things in my niche that I enjoy reading about so that I can be across what is going on. Just deliver it to my inbox, like an email that I can quickly scan in the morning. You want to know how to do any of these? Just let me know, drop a comment. I'm happy to do a tutorial. Bye.