Five things you need to do immediately when you start using Claude. So everyone's moving from ChagieBT to Claude, but if you do these things when you get started, you're going to get ahead of 95% of people using Claude. And if you comment Claude and hit follow, I'll send you my complete guide on how to optimize Claude. Welcome to day 16 of the Valuable AI series, where I teach you how to create real value with AI in your business and your day-to-day lives. So number one, we're going to head into Claude. we're going to go down into the settings, click on capabilities and make sure that these two toggles are turned on. This is going to enable Claude to remember who you are and what you say in your conversations. And a pro tip here, if you're migrating from ChatGPT to Claude, just click on this import button, copy this prompt and enter the outputs here and you can automatically import your memory from ChatGPT to Claude. Number two, head into the connectors page and settings and make sure you connect the right apps like Google Drive, Gmail and Calendar. This is gonna make Claude your executive assistant because it can utilize these apps and actually create assets on your behalf Number three we gonna head to this website where Claude has uploaded tons of free courses that you can learn Claude and AI from Pro tip here is if you copy the URL and head to Claude with this prompt, it will actually customize the learnings for you and recommend different skills based on what it knows about you. Number four, make sure you go to your settings and fill out this section so you can tell Claude about your personal preferences, who you are, and how you want it to output. I have my human prompt here, which allows Claude to be more human. If you want this prompt, just comment the word human, and I'll go ahead and send it over to you. Number five, inside of settings, head to cowork, and make sure you turn on dispatch. This will allow you to send a message to Claude from your phone and get it to wake up your computer and do real work for you. I've prepared a free guide on how to leverage and optimize your cloud setup and even dive into deeper things like cloud skills and cloud code. If you want that guide, just comment the word cloud and I'll go ahead and send it over to you and follow me to learn more about cloud and valuable AI skills.