This does not have to be our destiny. We have come together before when we had a technology, we had nuclear weapons. We could have just said that we're going to live in a world once we build them. Oh, this is just inevitable. 190 countries are going to have nuclear weapons and we're just going to have nuclear war. We didn't do that. We said, let's work really hard and only nine countries have nuclear weapons. Notice that we only worked on it after we used them. The United States was like, people shouldn't have this. But just hear me out for a moment. But with the Montreal Protocol, There was an ozone hole in the ozone layer. It was actually presenting an existential threat to the atmosphere. We could have just rolled back and said, well, I guess this is inevitable. I guess we're just going out. We're all getting skin cancer. No, what you're saying is absolutely important. This is probably a darker time where you look at the empowerment of the combination of the kind of wealth that rolls through these technology companies, the access that they have to power, and the melding of those two institutions to work in league, to push forward, is the part that I think is daunting. But I agree with you. You can never give up the battle to try and do that responsibly. And we can... The way we beat China is we actually get this right. We don't roll out AI companions that cause attachment disorders and suicides. We don't beat China when we roll out AI recklessly in this way. Right. And so the point is that this is actually in everyone's interest, including the way we beat China is you have AI liability laws, you restrict AI companions for kids, You have whistleblower protections that make sure we don't release AI capabilities that we don't understand. And maybe even just recognize this is bigger than China. This isn't about, like, this is humanity. This is one of those movies where, like, where all the countries get together. Like, it's like an alien force. Exactly. Yeah, all right, dig it. Well, I really appreciate it. Although, on the flip side, and we've talked a lot about it, it does make cool songs. It does.