I'm an unemployed ex-big tech software engineer with 25 years of experience in the tech industry. These days, I'm seeing a lot of sensational AI doomerism in the news. Now, don't get me wrong, there's a lot of real challenges that AI in the form of large language models is having on society right now. But what is a bit concerning to me is that there seems to be a large number of people, mostly non-technical, but also not a few technical people who seem to be buying into this kind of blatant AI fear-mongering. So today, I'm going to be debunking some of the most common AI doomer myths. Let's get going. So the first myth is that AI will lie to people and deceive humans. The news have many examples of AI lying. But here's the thing, the very idea of lying requires that the liar have an awareness and be able to differentiate truth from falsehood. And then that liar would need to convince the victim to accept the falsehood as truth. But that not what happening with AI right An AI large language model is not capable of telling the difference between information that is true and that that is false In fact it not really capable of understanding anything at all Instead, when an AI appears to lie, what's usually happening is that the AI is simply hallucinating. What do I mean by that? So when you give an AI model a prompt, that AI model is generating the answer to that prompt word by word. And that generation is based on the probability of that answer from the AI's training data. Now, let's suppose you ask this AI a really obscure, esoteric question. And in that AI's training data, there is little to no information that would formulate the correct answer. Well, most large language models would generate an answer anyway. It would generate the most probable collection of words based on its existing training data. even if those words have no bearing on the answer or even reality. It's all just based on probability, thus giving the appearance that AI is lying. Another common and very sensational claim is that AI will steal from humans A notable example of this is the story that an AI supposedly stole a bunch of corporate information and even employee data from Samsung But if we look closely at these examples of AI theft, it almost always boils down to three things. The first is data leakage. People sometimes accidentally leak important sensitive information, even personally identifiable information into the prompts that they're giving to AI. Sometimes that information is leaked to the contextual databases that an AI model has access to. Sometimes information that is sensitive is even leaked directly into the training data of these AI models. Weak security and access control mechanisms is another major issue here. The AI industry is moving super fast right now. So fast that good security architecture is often an afterthought in the development process. So you end up with tons of security and access control loopholes in the code being produced. These security issues often affect the AI model itself, right? In its session management, in its context management of internal conversations between the AI and human users Then there the huge number of tools and skills being developed that allows AI models to interact with other systems and with the external world. These tools are being built so quickly that it's like exponentially increasing the number of vulnerabilities and attack surfaces that are available. That then leads to the most important aspect to this issue, in my opinion. The introduction of these new AI tools and platforms with all of their security and access control issues, it opens up huge opportunities for humans to steal information. Everything from prompt injection attacks, credential stuffing, to using deep fakes to hijack identities, and so on. The bottom line is that AI is not stealing anything, but it's allowing people to steal information from other people. In fact, one can even say that the entire premise of the generative AI industry is to allow a small group of people to steal the collective intellectual property of humanity as a whole. Okay, so the next myth is that AI has a human-like sense of agency, that it has this survival instinct