The White House just released its National AI Framework, effectively telling Congress how to regulate AI. I'm Julie. I've spent my career working between the federal government and big tech, from working at the White House and the Department of Commerce as an attorney and policy advisor, to leading legal efforts at Airbnb and Meta focused on responsible AI, biometric data governance, and trust and safety. The goal to win the AI race isn't inherently bad, unless vulnerable communities are not protected in the process. Two things about this framework has given me pause. First, the framework seeks to override what state AI laws have put in place and create just one single federal standard. Here's an example. In Rosenbach v. Six Flags, a mom sued the park for scanning her 14-year-old son fingerprints for a season pass. The Illinois Supreme Court ruled unanimously a harm does not have to occur. The violation alone is enough to sue and recover. Six Flags had to pay $36 million. That the kind of law that changes how companies build and design their products So the question is are we raising the federal floor to meet what states like Illinois have built Or are we enabling companies and organizations to build fast without thinking about the communities that are going to be most impacted by that technology? The second thing that gave me pause, where are the civil rights protections? There will be a day that you're faced to scan to make a decision as to whether or not you get a home loan or a credit card. Studies already show that facial recognition technology has a high margin of error for darker hue people, trans individuals, and the East Asian community. AI is already making decisions around our creditworthiness. This is new age redlining, automated systems making decisions at scale about our economic opportunity, often without accountability. So if the framework won't address the hard issues, then I will. One, does Congress fund enforcement? Two, do we raise the federal bar and floor to meet what states like Illinois have built? And three, who is in the room designing what these products and emerging tech look like? These are issues that we're tackling at the Digital Civil Rights Coalition, and we hope you'll join us.