No wonder TikTok is receiving so much backlash for what they just silently did to all of your videos. But if you're wondering how to opt out of all this, but also what this tool is going to be used for, I have some of the answers to your questions. When AI remix tools are launched on social media apps, it usually refers to people using generative AI to edit, transform, or repurpose existing content that has been uploaded. Usually with the intention of more creativity and garnering more engagement, more posts, basically more money for the company and the platform. But at what cost? And to who? You already know that. Here's the thing, TikTok really hasn't made an official statement for the extent of this tool, how it will be used, but we can't look at the history of the app actually launching specific forms of this. One of them being TikTok Symphony, which is more ad-centered, basically using generative AI and other forms of AI to generate content. So I can only imagine that they're going to be adding more features specifically not for ads-based users, but also the general public. People who post content, consume content, want to repost it in a different way. But I'm also seeing a lot of people confused, convinced that this is not allowed to happen. Unfortunately, pretty much all of you watching this have not read their full privacy policy or terms of service. I have done a deep dive on this, however, you shouldn't feel bad that they clarified that they're gonna be using AI tools, specifically generative AI, they might be using your content, and that their broad license, like many other social media apps, does cover AI-generated content. Don't make all this feel that you've been locked into this and that you have no choice in voicing your concerns. You absolutely do. Because when Meta originally did this, they were actually met with a legal challenge based on the GDPR law and they had to add a right to object for the EU Switzerland and the UK Unfortunately in the United States of America we do not have comprehensive data privacy rights legislation Now if you on Pinterest you know the wave of AI slop that entered the platform when they started prioritizing generative AI. However, when it comes to being auto-opted in, it's probably not a safe bet to assume that because all of your videos have been auto-opted in, they haven't already been used on a training model. They have. Now, as TikTok users, if we do not want this to happen for the thousands of videos the bulk of us have posted, how do we opt out of it in just one go globally. For the time being, we don't have that option. However, we do have it for the reuse of content in other regards. So in my opinion, it shouldn't be that hard to allow us to opt out in just one toggle setting, right? If so, share this video with other people, tag TikTok in the comments, and go submit feedback to TikTok. They do have that option. We are seeing all social media platforms move to generative AI, giving us certain features, and there are many people who do not want to use them to varying extents. I believe we should have the option to limit the amount of our content being exploited. However, as creatives, we should also understand that in the terms and conditions, the privacy policy, and community guidelines, we have given rights to the platforms themselves to use it on certain models. I understand that, but when it comes to generative AI, I want to limit that if I can. For the time being, if you want to have a plan of action, it is very productive for every single post that you're about to make. Turn the toggle off for allow AI to remix content. And if you do have extra time, you might want to go through your most popular videos, sort it by that, and then find the videos to toggle it off. This is found in the privacy settings for all of your videos. And lastly, if you have any questions, please feel free to sound off in the comments below.