Here's a really simple guide to Claude for anyone that's just started using it or thinking of doing. Send this to anyone you think needs a really simple explainer of the best things it does. So Claude is an AI assistant, much like ChatGPT or Google Gemini, but power users are using it through the desktop app, which is free to download and opens up its ability to do way more work for you. But let's stay on the web for now. So here, it's basically just like ChatGPT. You prompt it, it gives you stuff back. You can upload files, ask it to search the web. But the two things that are going to massively upgrade your experience here are skills and connectors. Skills are the easiest thing to get started with. They're being shared all over the internet, but honestly, you can just ask Claude to create one for you. Just ask it, create a skill to do, and then put the task and the rules for the task. Think like on-brand PowerPoint decks. You can give it your colors, your fonts, some screenshots of some slides, and then it will be able to build the instructions for you and reliably produce those every time. But also LinkedIn carousels, press releases, product descriptions, web pages, I don't know, So whatever you do on a regular basis, a repetitive task, you probably need a skill for. Then I would add connectors. So go into customize, go to connectors and see if any of these are apps that you use. And this gives Claude the ability to kind of reach into those apps and do stuff. So it could be that you connect Canva and it creates Canva designs or you connect your Gmail and calendar and it organizes your inbox and adds complicated schedules into your calendar. And all you did was just a simple prompt One more feature is the writing styles It actually quite a unique feature of Claude where you can give examples of your different writing styles Like you could paste in an email and have an email style or paste in your LinkedIn post have a LinkedIn style You just switch between them as you're doing different writing tasks. But to show you the other side of Claude, we do need to go into the desktop app where there are three tabs, chat, co-work and code. Now we've already covered chat, but if you work on documents, spreadsheets, presentations visual assets things like that you're going to love co-work so co-work is a step on from chat claude co-work can take on much bigger jobs and it breaks them down into tasks and you can see that to-do list on the right hand side and then it works through that to-do list sometimes for minutes sometimes for hours but the real magic is that rather than uploading and downloading documents for it to work on it just works directly in your folders on your computer on your files, editing your files, creating new ones. So maybe you've got a folder full of bank statements and you're like, put all this into a spreadsheet. It will do that and it will put the spreadsheet in that folder. That is no problem for Claude Co-Work. Maybe you've got a load of screenshots that you want organized into a mood board or a load of random documents and spreadsheets you want turned into a presentation for your next client meeting. No problem. It can do that. Okay. So then there's Claude Code. Now that is a slightly more flexible and powerful version of what we've just talked about with co-work. But unless you're a developer, I don't think you need Claude code at all. There's more than enough power with chat and co-work. Anyway, I think that's more than enough for now. If you want more tips about Claude, check that playlist down there and follow me to keep learning about AI.