The beauty community is going to collapse, and possibly the entire social media marketplace. Please take a moment to watch these video clips with me. I do makeup on women twice my age every single day. Here's why most foundations look bad on you. When I see women over 40 reaching for these foundations, I can already tell their makeup is gonna look dry and heavy. When I see women over 40 using these foundations, I already know their makeup looks dry and heavy. Foundations for mature skin I'd never touch again, and why after 20 years of working in makeup? 20 years. So how many of those videos do you think were real? Not two, not one, zero. It's no-brainer that AI is a massive problem in countless industries already. But makeup and social media is my realm, so that's what I want to talk about with you today. Perhaps most of you were able to tell, but the comment section on these videos says otherwise. In fact, one of these were sent to me under the impression that it was real. These are not just videos, but entire TikTok pages that are AI generated by a brand. Bashing real products and other foundations, by the way, just to sell theirs. This is the difference between looking tired and looking 20 years younger. This one was actually made for mature skin and it automatically matches your skin tone based on your pH level This is what makeup for mature skin should be darling now today i can tell those videos were ai because of the sounds the mouth movements the letters are blurred but i need you to imagine where this is going to be at in a year from now this is already working with a lot of people if there is thousands of fake ai makeup creators what would that make the social media space look like the content saturation would explode people won't be able to tell what's real what reviews are authentic and what are not i I certainly can't keep up with an AI creator posting 10 videos a day. So if you, like me, go to social media for reviews, tutorials, to find things, you don't see how it's not going to be rendered useless. Now this is if nothing changes, which I am confident that it will, but we do need to act. I think today it's important that we continue to put pressure on elected representatives. We have to be vigilant online and report videos and accounts that use AI like this, denounce and discourage partnerships of it. We need to demand clear disclosure on AI generated videos. And you can start by joining me in reporting these AI pages. These are just the ones that I found simply because they're following a similar script. I can't imagine what else is already out there. I know AI is never just going to disappear, but we can demand for clear regulation. It's imperative that we protect ourselves and our data. And any company that ever decides to do anything like this again.