There's a problem with OpenAI and I'm having issues with it. I just want to put it out there because I've also seen several GitHub issues raised and there have not been any ratification. Alright, so for the last couple of days I've been coding with Entrepid and sometimes I use Codex, right? And as a business owner, I have a business account with OpenAI which I pay some huge amount for. But for the last couple of days I've not been able to use Codex to review my code. and that's because for every prompt I send, my rate limit is drying out as fast as possible. For the last 14 hours, I've not been able to use Codess or I did not use Codess to be fair. And when I opened my application this morning to try to use Codess, I noticed that my rate limit was already at 15%. My weekly limit was already at 15% and I even barely used that stuff. The 5-hour limit was already at 10%. percent my rate limit for the weekly is going to reset on april 22nd and today is just april 17 i paid you a huge amount for this business platform and i can barely use it i don know what is hitting my rate limit but it does not make any sense i've been trying to get in touch with open ai to try to rectify this but no one is getting in touch or answering me i cannot keep paying this huge amount of money and then suffering this way me and my team cannot use this thing to actually get our work done i have a lot of clients that can rely on factual and seamless services but I cannot deliver because Anthropik sometimes shit bug and sometimes I need to review the code and I have a very large code base. OpenAI need to fill their shit and they should please stop donating chat history too because I can't find some of my chat history and this is fucking annoying. Anyway this is just me around thing it's not a big deal i just wanted to put that out there and i hope openly i does something about it because i cannot be paying that amount of money and i'm not able to use it and by the way i cancelled my account already so yeah