What are the specific challenges for our state's power grid and what is being done to help it? Great. So a few specific challenges. So as I said, the grid is basically about three things, energy, capacity, and transmission constraints. So these are the three challenges. When you think about adding a large load, a size of a new city in the grid, you're asking this question that where does the energy come from? How do we meet the peak demand capacity for this particular load and plan for it, and how do we make sure that we have enough transmission capacity for all the energy to flow when we are in the peak load periods, right? So really, that is the question that is being asked. Now, since these loads are basically large loads which are added to the grid, the way to think about it is that how can we proactively plan for them ahead of time to understand what grid upgrades are needed to accommodate them? That's number one. And second thing is that the grid regulators and operators do understand that these loads are basically going to add infrastructure changes. So they are treating these particular loads as a separate class of load and thinking about and considering how to create new types of contracts new types of agreements with these large load providers so that they can actually pay for the infrastructure as they getting added Are you concerned about Washington's electrical grid in the short-term future? And how can we possibly know what's coming with AI if we couldn't predict it up until now? Good question. I wouldn't say I'm concerned because, you know, we are very familiar with how to really manage the large load and how to really manage the grid with the large loads or with the load changes as well, right? So we have enough, I would say, technical skills and expertise and things in place to really do that. The important thing is to do it now and really plan for it as we are adding. So it's really like running, how do I put it? So it's really about picking up the pace, at pace at which AI loads are coming in. So we do have the capability, so I'm not worried about it, But it's really about institutes to come together and really help out with that planning process. And that's really where some of my work comes into picture, that how do we model the grid? How do we understand what these large loads are going to do to the grid? And how can we propose solutions which can help mitigate these challenges proactively before they actually materialize?