Hey, are you a North Carolina resident? If you are, you might want to stick around for this video. We're talking about data centers and why you don't want them in here. Here's a small itemized, mind you it's AI, but a small itemized list of some of those proposed and some of those in development projects. And it's all the usual suspects. Microsoft in Person County with a 13.500 acre, 1 billion plus dollar development county mega park. Also in Catawba, places like Conover, Hickory, Maiden, and Newton. as well as the Project Delta in Stokes, powerhouse data centers in Charlotte at 2.5 million square feet, 1,000 plus acres on Project Delta, $160 million investment plan for the 155 acre site in Charlotte for digital reality. Guys, I want to have a completely unbiased but very real conversation surrounding the world of IT, data centers, and financial investment in North Carolina. Ask anyone in IT if they hire locally in regards to AI. They're always looking for someone who's been in the field for X amount of time, yadda yadda, blah, blah, blah. We know how jobs like that work. And as someone who's from this area, who lives in Western Carolina and knows what the average man looks like, talks like, sounds like, those guys aren going to be working on mainframes They not going to be working on server stacks I sorry And I mean that with the most respect And you don even have to admit it I think a simple blind silent recognition would do enough Regardless, that's not the conversation I'm having right now. And there is some pushback with stuff like the Apex moratorium following a developer withdrawing a proposal due to concerning over-high power that's 300 megawatts in water usage. The Apex Town Council unanimously voted on April 14th to pause all new data center development for one year. So to say that your voice doesn't do anything is incorrect. You need to be at these places saying, we don't want these goods and services anymore. And this is why I've also been teaching people how to house their own AI. I use Olama, mind you I'm running Linux, but you can get it through Windows as well. I'll put something up here to show you how to do that, or at the very least, some branding for their site. It's a great service, it's free. There's a premium part of it. This is not a paid sponsorship. I am just simply a user of this product and service, and I like it. Power to the people if you're going to stay in the tech world. But I'm not going to throw my tinfoil hat on this early in the morning, and I'm not going to make this a big, long-winded video. I highly recommend you personally as a North Carolinian go onto whatever device you use to peruse the web and look for local AI development and just see what's going on and get in the conversation. I really do recommend that, and peace be with you.