And so I think the role that AI can play in all of this might come in two forms. I think the lighter touch opportunity is to solve for the efficacy of education. And I think what I find interesting about AI is that I think it's the closest that we've gotten to true personalization, whether it's giving them the attention that they need, understanding exactly what gaps in their knowledge base exist, being able to solve for those in particularly robust ways and meet their learning preferences and styles in very unique and personalized ways. I think AI stands to create a ton of opportunity there. I think where things get kind of interesting is when I think about the linkage between, I guess, employment infrastructure and education, the two areas that I think have been really successful in the past have been engineering and consulting. And the reason why is because with consulting, anyone who's had any type of exposure to any form of consulting, whether through a friend or through your own experiences, I think people are pretty familiar with like the notion of a case study and case studies are interesting because they almost directly simulate the professional experience that doesn't exist anywhere else. Right. Like you can walk into any other role and not really know what it means to satisfy that role. Like unless you've had employment in that role prior. So like if you decide that you want to become a social media analyst at a startup, you kind of don't know what that means until you are in the seat. And similarly for engineering, when people graduate, they walk away with an assortment of their own case studies. You can simply point to your Git and that becomes an example of what it's like to work in that industry, do those types of projects, work in that style. And so what I think is interesting, and I would love to find a company that does this pretty meaningfully, is for AI to kind of help simulate professional experiences in other domains and disciplines and then use that as a way of students being able to lock down a portfolio of work that's relevant to whatever it is that they want to pursue from an employment perspective.