I keep telling y'all, these new AI scammers are targeting women and children. They no longer want your money. They want your life. This woman dropped her daughter off at school, went home. When she got home, she received a FaceTime call from her daughter. Or at least she thought it was her daughter. Hey, y'all, listen, I just had something so scary just happened to me. I got a FaceTime call from my daughter's phone, and it was my daughter. And she was like, hey, mommy, I'm sick. Can you open the door? Mind you, my daughter is in school right now. The person on the phone said, mommy, I'm sick. Can you please come open the door? Mind you, she's thinking this is her daughter. The person on the phone looks exactly like her daughter. Knowing that she just took her daughter to school, she asked her daughter, how did you get home? I just took you to school. Remember, she takes her daughter to school and she picks her daughter up. Nobody else does this. The person on FaceTime said that somebody bought her home. And this is where shit gets crazy. she grabs her other phone looks at the camera on the phone in front of the front door and nobody is dead so she starts questioning the person on the phone what school do you go to what do we have for dinner last night all questions that her daughter should know and that person wasn able to answer those questions look at this shit they said can you open the door and i like can i open the door how did you get home or whatever and she was like oh my friend bought me home and i'm like what friend so i'm like hold on i get my other phone look at my camera on my phone nobody was there so i said what school do you go to and she was like why you asking me all these crazy questions. Did you just open the door? No, what school do you go to? I said, are you in danger? No, I'm not in danger. So I said, what do we have for dinner last night? Oh my God, mom, I don't, I don't remember. Oh my God. Oh my God. I don't remember. Hmm. How many siblings you got? Why are you asking me all these questions? Just open the door for me, please. I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go. This is almost the same type of situation that I told you that a man just went through with someone called his daughter's phone and that person was acting like him. However, these people are getting information on you and your kids. These people have that information. Because they're using that information. Y'all need to be careful. Because none of this shit is random. These people are playing for keeps. You got to play for keeps as well. Pay attention.