They are all extraordinarily gifted individuals. They're immensely competitive. I think they're motivated by different things, some more dangerous than others. But the idea that they will get into a room in a kumbaya moment does seem unlikely. However, I think not impossible, because I'm not sure any of them wants to be responsible for serious civilizational risk. You mentioned danger, and that's exactly the question that we asked our viewers. Which of the titans, which of the gods or demigods is most dangerous? is this is what you said. Alex, how does that strike you? I mean, the bottom two certainly stack up. Demis and Dario are the two lab leaders who take safety most seriously. The quibble I would have of Elon being at the top is only because XAI is very much a second tier lab. Musk, as a person, may be more dangerous, but Musk does not yet control a tier one AI lab. But it's only a matter of time before Grok can do all sorts of things. It's always only a matter of time. But, you know, that fundamentally Musk will be constrained by the norms that are set by the other labs. He might not be as constrained as others would like but it does still feel like if Sam Dario and Demis agree on a level of responsibility that they should take then Elon and Mark will not necessarily be bound in chains by that, but it will be clear whether or not they are defecting, that the norms will be set before they get there. And that's why Sam is the one to watch for me. Zannie, you've met them. Do you agree with our viewers? Broadly, yes. I think I would have the same quibble that Alex does. And I think the question is really, are any of them motivated by power? And the answer is yes. And are they all motivated by money? And the answer is no. and are some of them motivated genuinely by, you know, pushing technology that is, you know, for the good of humanity? And I think the answer is yes. And I'm going to kind of leave it to you to put the rankings, but I do think they are motivated by different things. But I completely agree with Alex that it is possible to create a way where they can all be, you know, forced to sign on to something that limits those greatest risks. you