We want to do everything we can to make sure the United States is ahead. Number one point. Do you agree? And we're doing everything we can to do that. But how is shipping chips to China keeping the US in it? No, no, no. We got very Rubin for United States. Am I in United States? Do you consider me part of the United States? Yes. NVIDIA. You consider NVIDIA a United States company. Okay. Number one. Why is it that we don't come up with a regulation that's more balanced so that NVIDIA can win around the world instead of giving up the world? Why would you want United States to give up the world? The chip industry is part of the American ecosystem. It's part of American technology leadership. It's part of the AI ecosystem. It's part of AI leadership. Why is it that your policy, your philosophy leads to United States giving up a vast part of the world's market? I guess the claim here is, Dario had this quote where he said, it's like Boeing bragging that we're selling North Korea nukes, but the missile casings are made by Boeing. And that's somehow enabling the U.S. technology stack. Like fundamentally, you're giving them this capability. Comparing AI to anything that you just mentioned is lunacy. But AI is similar to enriched uranium, right? And then it can have positive uses, you can have negative uses, but you still don't want to send enriched uranium to other countries. Who's sending enriched uranium? The analogy here is enriched uranium is like a compute. Because it's a lousy analogy. It's an illogical analogy. If that compute can run a model that can do zero-day exploits against all American software, how is that not a weapon? First of all, the way to solve that problem is to have dialogues with the researchers, the dialogues with China and dialogues with all the countries to make sure that people don't use technology in that way. We also have to recognize that AI is not just a model that AI is a five cake That AI industry matters across every single layer And we want the United States to win at every single layer including the chip layer And conceding the entire market is not going to allow the United States to win the technology race long-term in the chip layer, in the computing stack. That is just a fact. I guess then the crux comes down to how does selling them chips now help us win in the long term? Like Tesla sold extremely good electric vehicles to China for a long time. iPhones are sold in China extremely good. They didn't cost them lock-in. China will still make their version of EVs and they're dominating and smartphones. The way we started the conversation today, you would acknowledge and you acknowledged that NVIDIA's position is very different. You use words like moat. The single most important thing to our company is our richness of our ecosystem, which is about developers. 50% of the AI developers are in China. We don't want to, we shouldn't, the United States should not give that up. But we have a lot of NVIDIA developers in the US, and that doesn't prevent American Labs from also being able to use other accelerators in the future. In fact, right now they're using other accelerators as well, which is fine and great. I don't see why that wouldn't be the case in China as well. If you sell them NVIDIA chips, just the same way that Google can use TPUs and NVIDIA. We have to keep innovating. And as you probably know, our share is growing, not decreasing. The premise that even if we competed in China, that we're going to lose that market anyways. You're not talking to somebody who woke up a loser. And that loser attitude, that loser premise makes no sense to me. We are not, we're not a car. We are not a car. The fact that I can buy a car, this car brand one day and use another car brand another day, easy. Computing is not like that.