Accenture just laid off 11,000 people. Here's what you need to know. And here's what I would do if you're trying to break into the workforce into a high paying job in 2025 and beyond. First of all, more of these are coming. Accenture is the first big one this quarter to announce it. You're gonna see more of it. If you read the press release, one of the things they said is that upskilling is no longer an option. So basically they're framing it like, hey, they have to cut the bottom tier performers and they have to rehire with people who are already skilled on AI. So if I'm in your shoes and I'm trying to break into the workforce, I don't know exactly how interviews might change and how you can display that you've done things with AI. I would definitely at a baseline, get very familiar with more complex features of chat GPT, like projects, like custom GPTs, like deep research. But I'm going to be honest with you guys. Like I still am so bullish on learning how to sell complex technologies and complex products. If you can break into a good company, instead of going that consulting or investment banking route, I think honestly breaking into a top tier tech company right now, learning how to sell is not only a high income skill where you can progress rapidly if you do well, but also over the next five to 10 years, as all this AI stuff shakes out, you're going to see more and more jobs let go, more senior people, more experienced people able to do more with way less. I just think learning sales is the greatest hedge on your career for not only the fact that you can, you know, if you can learn how to sell complex software, you can learn how to sell real estate. You can learn how to do whatever in the absolute worst case scenario where you had to change careers. But two, I think learning sales, learning how to talk to people, learning how to close deals. That translates, honestly, to entrepreneurial skills. That also translates to even things like making content, which are only going to become more and more prevalent. More of this is coming. You're going to hear the term upskilling. Now that Accenture was the one that led first with a huge cut. Now you're going to see a bunch of other companies say upskilling, or we're hiring a new workforce or things of that nature. So just get ready, adapt, and survive.