As we've told you, Wednesday is Earth Day. For some, it may feel hard to celebrate given recent efforts to increase our reliance on coal and oil. But innovators keep coming up with new technologies for a cleaner world. And this morning, David Pogue introduces us to a few of them. Here are two global problems you probably don't like to think about. First, burning gas and coal is still heating up the planet. Second, you know those thousands of AI data centers popping up all over the country? They consume enormous amounts of power, which produces even more carbon pollution and drives up our electric bills. And this is not really going to stop. We're still at the beginning of this demand. Garth Sheldon Colson is the CEO and co-founder of Panthalassa. He hopes to address both problems at once with wave energy. The ocean is really unlimited in terms of how much energy is available. It will really be the cheapest energy on the planet. What this thing is really is a floating hydroelectric dam. Panthalassa's test model, the Ocean 2, now rests on its side at the company's plant in Vancouver, Washington. SHELDON COLSEN, As it goes up and down with the waves, it causes water that's in that tube to be forced up into the top. Once it's in the ball, the water is forced through a turbine. The turbine spins, and that's what makes the electricity. The water sits here. So all you see is this part on top. WILLIAM BRANGHAM The Ocean 3 Sheldon Colson explained the most surprising part There no anchor and no cables and this is not tethered to the bottom Correct This is a self system So it like a little room bike except it enormous There's no cable to bring power back to shore either in essence these are floating data centers They generate power from the waves Process AI computing tasks on the spot and send us the answers by satellite When you deploy many of our systems, they work together basically as a data center. So we think of it as a really good alternative to data centers on land. Panthalassa has all of the private funding it needs because it offers AI companies a quicker, cleaner way to get power than building data centers on land. Construction of the ocean threes is well underway. When will this exact unit see water? This system will be deployed around August of this year. And what are the advantages of the power that it will generate? Clean, no fuel, no land use, no getting in the way of other activities on land, and very fast to scale because we can just manufacture the systems. Eventually, the company hopes to deploy thousands of them far out at sea. Do you ever wake up in the morning going, I might be the guy who can solve two of the biggest problems in the world, not enough energy and too much pollution. It is really exciting that we're working on something that is coming along right at the right time in a way that's much cleaner, much more sustainable, and quite scalable so that we can really meet that demand as it comes.