What we're about to see in the next year with AI is going to be absolutely insane. I hope you're ready because a bunch of people are going to lose their jobs. A bunch of people are going to get so filthy rich. I have never seen anything like this in my 10 years of business. And I want to kind of explain my thoughts. It's a little complex. So I want to break it down with a very simple analogy. AI is the ultimate leverage tool. Leverage, meaning the amount one person can do is like massive with leverage. So you as a single individual can do the same amount as like a massive business, right? Think about it like this. It's the tractor being invented, but for our brains, for our minds, for computers, it's essentially a tractor. Because think about it, when the tractor was invented, what did it let us do? As opposed to human beings plowing the fields, right? The tractor came around and it motorized it and made it super easy to do. And we can get like 10 times more produce out of it. The same applies for AI. So going back to the tractor example, who lost their job when the tractor happened? Did farming go extinct? No, there are still farmers out there, right? But the people that were doing the tractor's job got replaced. You know who didn't get replaced is the person that was operating and driving the tractor. And the same applies for you. If you're working a job that gets replaced by AI, you're done. But if you're someone that's controlling the AI, that's where we're moving to, you're going to make more money than ever because not only did that farmer that kept his job to drive the tractor keep his job but he also made way more money because he has all this produce and he didn have to pay anyone to plow the fields He just used the tractor to do it So guess what Now all that money goes to him and he gets filthy rich because of it So that brings me to present day Where does that leave us Well if you working a job that can be replaced by AI, a clerical job, accounting bookkeeper, bad news, you're probably going to get fired. But the good news is you can become an AI operator, someone that actually uses this AI, right? We have to learn how we can start using AI to our advantage. For example, with me, I run a social media marketing business. I ran it for nearly a decade now, but AI is replacing a lot of the parts. It contacts the businesses for us. It finds all of our clients. It even creates the ads now and it's getting really good. You've probably seen some of these videos. So here's what I'm doing. All I'm doing is I'm replacing my employees with this AI and I'm making way more money, right? If you want to learn how to do it, I have a free training. I'll show you exactly how to do it, but you got to be aware the world's going to change very quickly. This next year, year and a half, I've never seen anything like it. It is absolutely insane what's about to happen. And you're either being proactive and making a move now, or you're just waiting and hoping that it turns out well. But I can't promise you that it will because it never does. So if you're interested, you want to learn more how you can do kind of the stuff that I do, I have a free training. Again, it's sponsored by one of these big AI companies. So you don't got to worry. It's completely free. I don't keep. I share all of it with you guys. All I ask is that you share it with a friend, you follow me, and I'll be able to teach you exactly how you can build an online business that will survive this AI takeover of everything. If you have any questions, drop them in the comments. I would love to kind of help you out. I appreciate you guys. And as always, love.