You guys are often right when it comes to a lot of these things. I think we have some good insights in AI. So what jobs are going to die? Yours. Yeah, no, I don't buy it. Okay, well, let me talk about what jobs it'll be gone. First of all, I think it's already starting. Within 10 years, 50% of the jobs in America are gone. AI will replace all intellectual capital. Robotics combined with AI will replace all human physical labor. In 10 years? I think within 10 years, it could be 50%. Within 20 years, probably 90%. 90%. The intellectual jobs will go first. Lawyer, accountant. Before that, you have the ones that are already getting hit right now, like customer service and the more repetitive, monotonous intellectual jobs. Well, tens of millions will be. Next will be architecture, engineering, software engineering, coding, lawyers, accountants, all that stuff. That's in the next three years, probably three or four years. It will be a while before the more technical labor jobs get replaced, like a plumber, because there's so much nuance to, you know, crawling, getting into the side of a bathroom wall. I don't think the problem is the nuance of being a plumber. I think the problem is making enough humanoid robots, which I think Elon is at the cutting edge of with the Optimus, and he's going to start putting them out probably next year as fast as he can. Bottleneck will be the production of humanoid robots. It won't be the fact that plumbing is too difficult, because if you think about it, there's 5,000 humanoid robots, and they all plumb for one year, let's say. Instead of having one year of experience of plumbing, they're all going to have 5,000 years of experience of plumbing, because they're all going to know everything that every other humanoid robot knows. And they'll have read every book on plumbing ever written. So they'll have fixed every problem within one year that a plumber could face in 5,000 years of plumbing. I don't think that's necessarily the issue. I think the bottleneck will be the production of humanoid robots. Until humanoid robots are making humanoid robots. And that's the exponential growth of humanoid robots. But that will be, that's a few years out.