Let's talk about high tech. You're coming out of there. You're the sort of enfant terrible of the ground zero of high tech. AI, jobs, people being afraid. Look, I think it's a very reasonable fear. We're seeing a lot of tasks get automated. The pace of change is rapid. We know that these technological changes can't be stopped, but we have a responsibility for making sure that they don't hurt people. And this is not a new story. The tractor came along and 80% of the jobs in agriculture eventually went away. Our goal should be to support people through the transition with education, a safety net if they do lose their jobs, making sure we're retooling our K-12 and post-secondary education to prepare people for the jobs of the future. But there's no denying the fact that work is changing rapidly. We've got to empower people. What I've done at City Hall is work with others to create an AI upskilling curriculum for our city workers so they aren't displaced, so that they're ahead of the curve. They're learning how to use these new tools and be even more productive. And frankly, if they want to leave City Hall, even more employable because they'll have new skills. I have kids and I worry they're going to get out into this new industrial revolution or technological revolution But right now we sort of facing this thing and everyone going I don know Look I think the truth is we don know how it will play out The nightmare scenario is we have mass unemployment, a crisis of meaning. People are out of work. There's nothing for them to do. I would like to think that there's another scenario here, which is that we anticipate where the job growth is and we make sure we're training and educating people for those jobs. Another big trend right now is reshoring. We want to be a country that makes things again. That's actually not likely to be completely automated overnight. Some of it will be. There's a lot we need to build. We've got a ton of infrastructure that's crumbling in this country. Just here in California, our aqueduct system, the canals, the way that we've become such an agricultural powerhouse is in need of tens of billions of dollars of work. That's going to require people designing, engineering, construction. So I think figuring out where that's going. Another one is what they call the caring economy, whether it's young people, education, coaching, tutoring, or it's older folks. We have an aging population. There's growing demand for health care. I think there will still be jobs, but they won't look like the jobs we have today. They're going to change. So we need to anticipate and actually get ahead of that.