But that belies the more important point, which is AI-enabled coding, I think, is still 5% of the broad market. So it's kind of a nothing burger. Yes, they're leading, but they're leading in something that isn't that big yet. Now, you would say, how could it not be big? And what I would say is because most of the stuff that's being written is still white sheet de novo code. And I think the ugly truth is I don't care what model you have, but the long horizon ability for any of these models to actually build enterprise-grade software is still s**t. S-H-I-T, s***. And that's the actual lived experience. Not for me, but when I call on our customers, half a trillion dollar banks, hundred billion dollar insurance companies, none of these guys are like, wow, it just works out of the box. It doesn't work. So most of it is still hand-tuned. So until I can honestly tell you that we can point a model at this with the right guardrails, which I can't today, what I would say is it's a small market that will become large. as these models become better. But we are in the world where we have 50 years of accumulated tech debt as a world. And I suspect when you enumerate the number of lines that that represents it hundreds of trillions of lines of just pretty marginal mediocre code to bad code On top of that we have all these legacy languages. I'll tell you one of our customers. They have to go and get 60-year-old pensioners to come into the office to interpret... No, I'm not joking. This is a... Sobol, Fortran. This is a $100 billion a year revenue company. And that's how they solve these problems. It's not And Opus just solves it. So I would just keep in mind that most of the tech debt in the world that exists, 99% of it is still poorly addressed by these models. We are untying this Gordian knot. It's going to take decades to do it right. So all the breathlessness about all this other stuff, I really think it's not where the money is. It's not the big time stuff. And you can tell me, oh, yeah, it's going to be the future. And I would say, tell this business that's $100 billion a year of revenue and 50 million billing relationships that all of a sudden you're going to open claw your way to a solution. It's bullshit. Not to say that you can't have a great chief of staff and not to say you can't do some useful stuff and trickery and, you know, have a good knowledge base. I'd like that, too. But the core things that your lived experience sits on today is a mess of tech debt that will get very slowly replaced. And that's just the reality of life.