I'm going to give a hot take here about content creators using AI. So just to put it out there, I don't support AI whatsoever. I think it's so hellish and will literally be the end of us all. But anyway, content creators using AI, I am not on board with it. I have genuinely been hitting unfollow so many times when I see like swipe across things of like people sharing their fitness journey with loads of M dashes in there. I feel like chat GPT always uses like the rule of three. There's always like a list of three things with like a dot, dot, dot. There's always like a rhetorical question. It's like really obvious signs that I've just really started to pick up on that I hate. It's content creation, creating something like from your own brain and thoughts. And I feel like we follow people on social media because we relate to their human experiences or we relate to something about them or we're like inspired by their human experiences and I think that like getting AI a literal machine to write your experience for you is crazy to me I not shaming people who use it at all for like grammar purposes Like I understand that AI has been an amazing tool for like dyslexic people or people with learning difficulties or people that just like struggle to get their thoughts and ideas onto paper and I really don't want to shame those people at all. But I just think there's a difference between running something through AI to sense check it versus just having it write it for you and I feel like there's a real difference and there's like I don't want to like drag anyone here but there's like one creator in particular who I followed for a really long time who I find so inspiring and recently all of their posts are just like they just scream AI and I'm like oh my god I used to follow you because I found you really inspiring and your experience is really inspiring and now I'm not reading about your experience at all I don't know does anyone else feel like that and it's such a hard thing because like I said I really understand that AI is useful for people who like do struggle with that kind of thing but I just feel like it's creating a lot of laziness in like the content creation industry and like AI is just going to be the death of creativity and I just I hate it