A local developer wants to build a data center in your area and they've told you, oh, don't worry about water, we're using a closed loop. Here's the lies behind that statement. First, did the developer say we are going to use a closed cooling loop, or did they say we can use a closed cooling loop? Something that companies like this like to do is tell you what can be done to reduce harm without saying that they actually will do it. Second, have they provided you with proof that they are going to use a closed cooling loop? Because those are incredibly rare in data centers. I think it's something like 5 to 12% of all data centers use them. There are a lot of developers who rely on you not knowing that you can sue someone for lying to you verbally rather than just in a contract. As long as you can make the argument in court that a conversation constituted a verbal contract, then you have a case to go after them on that. They rely on you not knowing that and that's why they tend to lie verbally more than they do in written communication. Third, developers will often claim that because they're using a closed loop, you never have to fill it again, you just fill it once. One that not how a closed loop cooling system works Two it ignores one of the most basic laws of physics the law of conservation of mass and matter There no such thing as an infinitely reusable resource Any resource will eventually degrade over the process of its use. It's true that closed loop cooling systems use far less water than traditional liquid cooling systems in data centers. You only have to flush the water like monthly to quarterly instead of daily. The trade-off is that when that water does have to be flushed out of the system, it has exponentially more pollutants, forever chemicals, and toxins in that wastewater getting flushed out into the local water supply and local ecosystem. Data centers are very famous for not complying with restrictions on how you have to treat your wastewater before you can release it. Basically, what all of these data center developers are trying to do with the closed loop talking point is sell you a silver bullet that doesn't exist. Yes, closed cooling loops do in fact exist. They do not fix the problems inherent to water cooling and data centers, they just change how they happen. The closed cooling loop argument for data centers is an attempt to repackage the problem in a way that it no longer looks like a problem, but it still actually is.