There are definitely jobs that are being automated away because of the capabilities of their models. And there's also jobs that are being lost because executives are deciding to lay off the workers, even if the models don't match the capabilities because it's good enough. Like they would rather have the good enough model for way cheaper. They bloated their team and it's a great convenient thing to say. Exactly. Like there's many reasons. But like clearly we're already seeing impacts on the job market. And they said that there's been a 40% reduction in entry level jobs in particular. It's the physical, real-world human stuff, which robots maybe can do someday, like, construction or agriculture that are untouched. But, like, office and admin, like, saying finance stuff, math. And notice that these are all the things that I just named, that they purposely finance, math, law, healthcare. Media and arts, that's me cooked. Office and admin, I mean, they do focus a lot on, like, assistant type and managerial work. And so there was this amazing article in New York Magazine that was talking about how a lot of people are getting laid off. And then they end up working in data annotation which is the labor that I been referring to throughout this conversation that companies need in order to teach their models the next thing that the companies are trying to automate And so like a marketer gets laid off and then they go and work for a data annotation firm to train the models on the very job that they were just laid off in, which will then perpetuate more layoffs if that model then develops that skill. And the article was talking about how This has become a huge catch-all for a lot of people that are struggling with finding job opportunities right now, including like award-winning directors in Hollywood that are actually secretly doing this data annotation work to put food on the table. But the other thing that is rarely talked about is the jobs, a lot of the jobs that are created are way worse than the jobs that were there. And it breaks the career ladder. So it's the entry level and the mid-tier jobs that get gouged out. It's higher order jobs and then way more lower order jobs that get created. And so how do people continue to progress in their careers? There's no more rungs on the ladder.