Overnight, TikTok removed its AI remix feature and not one of us had to update our app. It was just a button that was turned on and off on the back end of TikTok. What you need to keep in mind as you're making content on this app. I was just talking about this with my community and this is going to be in my next offering about everything you need to know about TikTok, jump on the wait list because it is imperative for you to know what's going on on the platform in order for you to be successful. For the last 72 hours, there had been a button right here that said allow AI remix that we all had to go and toggle off one at a time. Now we wake up on April 23rd and the remix feature is gone. But is it? According to this article in CNET, what the AI remix feature really was, it was an AI meme remix feature. Users could generate AI versions of you from your content and remix it. They could use your face, your voice, your environment to create an entirely new scenario. Just read this article where TikTok confirms this. I didn't make it up. Now, overnight, that is gone, which is why it's also bunk when people tell you that they know everything about the TikTok algorithm because obviously they don't, but it's not done. We have this AI cast button where you are actually opting in with your friends who make AI twins and you can make new scenarios or videos with them. If you use these services, you are giving TikTok and your friends the ability to make content about you, whether or not you want them to, because what you thought was just a cute little opportunity for you to make an AI video. Now, anyone who's your friend on here could make a video with you, which cool if you're fine with that. But if you're not fine with that, don't use the stupid cast feature. And I don't know how to turn it off yet. So as soon as I figure that out, I will let you know. Stick any questions that you have about this feature or other features in the comments. Don't forget to jump up and get on that wait list. And also, as always, this is your account. You get to do with your account what you want, just like other people are allowed to ring a warning bell. Okay, cool.