Now a case of doggy blackmail. A family gets a call that their dog was hit by a car. They say they were even sent this photo of their dog being treated at the vet. But it was all fake. The photo, AI. Les Trent tells us what's really going on. It's a blackmail caper stranger than fiction. This couple says they returned home to find their beloved dog missing from their backyard. We were so scared. We didn't know what had happened to him. Then came a phone call. Their 11-year-old beagle mix named Archer had been found. They say they were sent this photo showing the poor pooch with a terrible wound being prepped for surgery. Bill and Allison Cousins say the caller identified himself as a vet and said Archer had been run down by a car. He was going to have to have surgery because he had a broken femur and a dislocated shoulder. and we were like yes yes whatever whatever needs to be done. Archer's panicked owners were told the surgery would cost two thousand seven hundred and forty six dollars they were willing to pay up but then they realized some things just didn add up First they received this text instructing them to pay with Walmart or CVS gift cards Then they were sent another photo of Archer post-surgery, this time with fancy bandages. I'm like, this is exactly the same as the first picture, just the two doctors had moved. And look at the date on the x-rays. It says 12-21-2022. Wow, almost four years ago. Correct. Turns out the photos were entirely AI generated. The AI scam failed, but the heartbroken owners were still missing their dog, Archer. Then, four days later, Archer suddenly showed up at their front door in Deltona, Florida. Here he is, hey Archer. Here's our Archer. Without being able to make a buck, the dognapper apparently decided to return Archer. Archer, hey, Brady. How do you try to take advantage of people when they're at their most vulnerable? Like, that's disgusting. Archer's owners think he was confined because he's walking like he's sore. The Sheriff's Department is investigating.