I cannot stop thinking about this essay that I read yesterday. Headline obviously stopped me in my scroll, but the writing is what made me stay. It's like, it's really a reckoning of what happens after she figures out that her boyfriend has been using ChatJPT to discuss his uncertainty about their relationship and about her and her shortcomings. But discuss, that's not really what happens here. The things she read in that chat, she can't unsee. And the thing about Chat, and maybe this is what's most interesting to me about all of this, that Chat is like notoriously validating. Validating to the point of it being dangerous. And so the result then is like a dumping ground on his girlfriend. When I posted this story on Instagram, somebody asked me, well, Hayes, do you think it would be different though? If like he was talking with a friend or a therapist, then I do think it would be different. You might have some idiotic friends that are the equivalent of talking with chat GPT. But if you're talking with a therapist or talking with a friend, there's a dialogue going that ideally, like they are holding your partner in some sort of positive regard. And you too are holding your partner in a positive regard. I talk to friends about things going on in my relationship, frustrations I have with with my husband, whatever. And I only talk about it with friends who love and respect Brian too and respect our relationship I was really impressed with the writer because I don think she calling him a bad person and I don think he a I don think he a bad person for using chat in this way but I do completely see why it relationship ending and it got me thinking about like what is an ethical use of chat GPT or like AI in general, generative AI in general in a relationship setting and I don't think that is it. I don't think what I read here is it. And ethical, I mean, if what you want is to be in a healthy, collaborative, honest relationship. So maybe like what if both people in the couple consented to the use of it together? Like maybe if we were struggling to see eye to eye on something, we could sit down together and ask co-pilot or something like for questions that we could discuss together, not for it to give us answers. It's not going to give me the answer I need for anything interpersonal. Maybe it can help me identify some questions that we, the humans, can ask each other. I give too much away about Lindsay's story because it was really so captivating and so well written. I was so impressed. And I think you should read it yourself for the experience. Let me know what you think and let me know what questions it brought up for you. I cannot stop thinking about it.