The most important skill set when it comes to implementing AI is not actually your technical knowledge of automation systems or processes. The most important skill is choosing the right problem to fix. It doesn't matter how good of a job you do fixing a problem if it's not the constraint within your business. In manufacturing there's a discipline called the theory of constraints. If you have five bicycle frames, seven handles, and 50 wheels, it doesn't matter how many wheels you've got. You've only got five bicycle frames. You can only make five bikes. Business and other processes work exactly the same way. Your business is a series of systems and processes that all have their own constraints. And it's up to you as the business owner to actually identify what the constraint is of your business and then work on fixing that. It doesn't matter how you fix it and it actually doesn't matter how long it takes you to fix it because working on something else is like making more wheels instead of making more frames. It's not going to help you make more bikes or more money. In my opinion, the way that you do this most effectively is with actually mapping out and modeling the business So you can see here this is an e style business where we got marketing spend along the top row and then that leads to new customer ROAS. From that we've got new customers, repeat customers, we've got cost of goods sold, we've got fulfillment, we've got net profit, contribution profit and then we're actually tracking cash. Now this is just an example but I strongly believe that if you are not tracking this kind of stuff at the top level, then you do not know what direction you are moving in. Creating some kind of sheet like this is actually the foundation of setting up KPIs within your business, because then you can tell, were my predictions correct? They're never correct. But then at least you can see how not correct they were and what you're going to do about it to fix it. And it helps you to identify the bottlenecks. Do you need more traffic? Is your conversion rate down? Are people not coming back and buying again? Is your OPEX too high? Are you paying too much for salaries? There's lots and lots of factors in business that affect your ability to scale and it's up to you to identify which one is the constraint and then aggressively go after that until it is solved and then you can move on to the next one.