Good evening everyone. Artificial intelligence has entered the classroom and it's a challenge for schools large and small. Local school districts must adapt to a rapidly changing classroom when it includes AI. Devon Kidd has our top story now from Johnson County. At Vianna High School, the rise of AI is changing the way teachers teach and how they grade. So AI as a problem has really grown in the last few years and I know this from the ones that I have caught. I can't imagine the ones that I haven't at this point. For teachers like Laura Hossfeldt, the challenge isn't just catching students using AI, it's proving it. It's like a constant battle to try to figure out, you know, how do I, cause I don't want to accuse a kid unjustly, right? Like if I'm going to say, hey, you cheated on this, then I want to make sure that I know beyond a shadow of a doubt, but it's also very, very hard to do that without feeling like every essay that I'm grading turns into a forensic document analysis, which can be a little tedious. And with dozens of assignments coming in, there's only so much time in the day. As teachers, I don't necessarily have the time to sit down and run a document analysis on every single essay that's turned into me. So instead of the constant battle, some teachers are changing how they teach I redesigned my entire curriculum where we actually did some research into AI and so it became a whole lot more ridiculous to have AI write you an essay on how is AI impacting my generation District leaders say the issue of cheating isn't new, it's just the tools. As students inappropriately use any technology tool, whether it's AI or it's a pen and pencil because they're passing a note in class during a test, right? We have well-established policies to follow up on those things, to deter those things, to build right practice and right character in our young people. As schools balance innovation with integrity, Stafford says one thing is clear. The classroom is evolving and they're trying to stay one step ahead. I'm going to move that seven over as well. And that means many of his teachers are going back to the basics, at least for now. I've seen educators and I'm watching educators saying, close the Chromebook, put away the phone, get out your paper and pencil and we're gonna write this essay. We're gonna do these math problems. We are going to you know study, research, whatever it is in our social studies curriculum with your hands on a paper and pencil. In Vianna, Devin Kidd, Heartland News. School leaders say right now it's about finding what the finding that balance with keeping students accountable while teachers adjust to the new reality in the classroom.