I'll be honest, when I see those stories of people that are like, I've applied for a thousand jobs and I haven't gotten any interviews. My first question is, did you actually apply for a thousand jobs? Or have you been using one of those like AI auto-appliers? Or are you just like spamming companies on these easy apply tools? Because as someone who is on the receiving end of these applications, the vast majority of applications are AI generated. And that in and of itself is not an issue. But a lot of them are coming through. There's no resume. There's no LinkedIn profile because a lot of these AI auto-appliers are skipping those steps. They're also triggering all of the fraud alerts that application tracking systems now have built in because it's like, oh, this is being sent by a data center. It's not coming from like a person's home. This person claims to be in the United States, but the IP address is tracking to Germany. There's odd browser behavior that indicates that automations are being used. You've had a large number of applications coming from the same browser. Now I had one that I talked about earlier today because it had all of those alerts and no resume, no LinkedIn. It was coming from like interviewtracker.me, which is one of the AI appliers, but they had referenced an employer in one of the application responses. I was able to search them and find them. But then y'all realistically, the question becomes, is this a scammer using this person's information to apply for jobs? Or is this a real person that is just submitting low quality applications? At the end of the day, it doesn't really matter because you've got hundreds to thousands of applications in your applicant pool. So you're not going to waste time trying to figure out if this is a legitimate person. You're going to click the reject button and move on to the next person. And this is exactly why I would never use an AI applier. This is exactly why people need to stop this strategy of high volume, low quality applications. So if you're submitting a thousand crappy applications in a really tough job market, of course, you're not going to get any interviews. Just because you're doing a bunch of stuff doesn't mean it's the right stuff. It doesn't mean that you're actually being productive or impactful. Unfortunately, in a difficult job market, the name of the game is applying to jobs that you're a hundred percent qualified for. Highly, highly competitive applications, doing everything you can to get eyes on that application. There's no silver bullets. That's what it takes.