You ever wonder why full details about the allegations that got Sam Altman fired are only emerging now? Well, one reason may be that things were kept deliberately out of writing. Let me explain. In 2023, after OpenAI's board fired Altman for an alleged pattern of deception and manipulation, he fought his way back and demanded the resignation of board members who moved against him. But they made their departure conditional on there being an independent inquiry. Now, Altman told people at the time that he worried even the existence of an investigation would make him look guilty. But he eventually agreed to a review supervised by two new board members selected in close consultation with him. Those new board members enlisted Wilmer Hale, the distinguished law firm responsible for internal investigations of Enron and WorldCom, to conduct this review. But six people close to the inquiry alleged that it seemed designed to limit transparency. Some of them said that investigators initially did not contact important sources, others were uncomfortable sharing concerns because they felt there wasn't sufficient effort to ensure anonymity. One employee said, quote, Everything pointed to the fact that they wanted to find the outcome, which is to acquit him. Corporate investigations aim to confer legitimacy. At private companies, their findings are sometimes not written down. This can be a way to limit liability. But in cases involving public scandals, there's often a greater expectation of transparency. Before Travis Kalanick left Uber in 2017 its board hired an outside firm to look into concerns about his ethics and it released a 13 summary to the public Given the high nature of Altman's firing, and the fact that OpenAI was actually run by a non-profit at the time, many executives there expected to see extensive findings. Instead, no report was released. People involved said that was because none was written, a decision made in part on the advice of the new board members Altman helped pick and their personal attorneys. Instead, the findings were limited to oral briefings to those new members. And those briefings weren't necessarily exonerating on the matters that got Altman fired. One of the people close to the inquiry said, quote, the review did not conclude that Sam was a George Washington cherry tree of integrity. In March 2024, OpenAI released on its website some 800 words acknowledging a, quote, breakdown in trust, but stating that based on the review, the new board members endorsed Altman's return. Many former and current OpenAI employees told us they were shocked by the lack of disclosure. Altman said he believed that all the board members who joined in the aftermath of this got the briefing, but a person with direct knowledge said, quote, that's an absolute outright lie. Some of the lawyers involved defend this process. They say it was independent and comprehensive, and one of the new board members who oversaw it said there was, quote, no need for a formal written report. But some board members told us ongoing questions about the integrity of this inquiry could prompt, as one put it, a need for another investigation. There is much more about this in our latest New Yorker investigation, which you can find on their site.