So let's look at it in terms of music. You get royalties. If you write a song and somebody uses that song, they pay you a royalty. If somebody plagiarizes your lyrics or finds a way to take your melody and put it into their song, you're going to be paid for that. AI is a human expertise laundering machine. It's basically taking everything that we've gotten training itself in some ways replacing us, but without that royalty payment, where the royalty payment goes is to open AI or to Palantir or to any of these other places. And if you ask them what they're doing with it, they'll say that's proprietary. Right. Yeah. We're in the Napster area of AI, right? Remember Napster? Yes. Just everybody's music and just burn it, rip it and share it. Right. That was not viable. We wouldn't have a music industry if we hadn't gotten control of that, right? You know, with Spotify, with Apple Music, where we pay royalties when we listen to those songs. More royalties, but we do pay them. But the difference is that in the Napster, it was the consumers who were doing that replication. Now it's the most powerful corporations humanity has seen who's doing it. Right. But this is a failure of property rights a failure of legislation People say oh no fair use allows that Well fair use never envisioned this right And so you know who cares what the law you know said It not applicable We should be changing it right You know people should be compensated and not just once They should be compensating as their information is reused. And that's actually a manageable problem. I've talked to people at Google who've worked on this. They say, yeah, we know how to do that, right? You know, we don't have an incentive to do it, but we know how to do it, and if the laws, we would support it. Right. So I think that, and by not recognizing that this enclosure is going on, that this sort of property rights are being reallocated, right? Yes. Economics doesn't deal with that. Economics is- It's reverse socialism. Exactly. They're taking from the workers and they're funneling up to these five individuals. And it comes back to torture this atomic analogy. You got the sense that people like Oppenheimer or Einstein were aware of the gravity of what was happening and through the crucible of war maybe made some decisions they might not have made otherwise in this environment i don't think altman cart feel feel was asked should human being you know should the human race you know flourish and continue to exist and he took like a five second pause like yeah let me let me think about that for a second that's a tough one there yeah