sees AI as a force multiplier in his effort to overhaul the nation's aging air traffic control system. That also includes work to replace radios and radars as well as safety systems. We had a lot to talk to the secretary about, including the future of Spirit Airlines. At the urging of President Trump, the Department of Transportation is now reviewing Spirit Airlines' request for a bailout to stay in business just weeks ahead of the busy summer travel season. No decision has been made. What happens to the other airlines that are struggling, particularly with high jet fuel. Is the department prepared to bail out other airlines that start to struggle? Well, that's a question. Then who else comes to my door? But the question will be, can we do anything to save spirit and make it viable? Or would we be putting good money into a company that inevitably is going to be liquidated? With a summer full of potential travel uncertainty, Duffy is pushing for a new AI system to help air traffic controllers cut airport delays by merging the flight schedules of all of the nation's long before a flight takes off The software will say well listen we can see this 45 days out Let move some of those flights a little bit and we can resolve the issue And so then you not delayed But he'll need six to ten billion dollars from Congress to build it. When people hear AI, they either get really excited or really concerned. How do you ensure that the AI system is right all the time and is secure and ready for prime time? AI is a tool, but we do not replace humans in how we manage the airspace. The final say in anything we do is going to be an air traffic controller. Am I going to replace a controller and have AI manage the airspace? The answer to that is hell no, that's not going to happen. The push for funding comes amid a number of high profile incidents involving apparent air traffic control mistakes. Why do these things keep happening? We have human beings navigating, managing the airspace. And as human beings, we can make mistakes. That's why I want to give additional tools to support the air traffic controllers. Now, the secretary is working under an ambitious schedule aiming to try to have this overhaul of ATC done in as little as two and a half years. But that will require Congress to give him billions of dollars more.