Do you think at this point, those powerful corporations have that they kind of have us at an extortion point where they say, you know, oh, if you try and do anything to regulate us or you try and do anything to tax us, we'll we'll leave. Well, look, this is such such an important point. This is such an important point. First of all, these corporations are absolutely enormous. I mean, it's not a fair comparison, but I just did the calculation last week. each one of the largest seven tech companies has annual revenues in current dollars twice as large as the entire British Empire's GDP in the middle of the 19th century. These are enormous, enormous corporations. They need to be regulated. But the rhetoric that they cannot be regulated, AI cannot be regulated, that's false. China proves it. Okay, I don't approve of what China does. I don't approve what they intend to do, but they show very clearly AI can be regulated. Tech companies, Alibaba is now completely subservient to the interests of the Communist Party in China. We could also make Google and OpenAI and Antropic be much more in line with the democratic priorities in the United States. There is nothing in the laws of economics, in the laws of physics that says these companies cannot be regulated. They're not delicate flowers. When Sam Altman says, oh, if you charge us for intellectual capital property, we'll be put out of business. Not only is it not true it kind of pathetic because they say we don produce anything of value If you actually make us pay for our inputs no one would buy it That crazy And it not true So I mean look I think yeah there constructive ways to steer it We don't need to shut it down. We don't need to regulate it to death so it can't move. The US is innovative and that's great. We have a lot to be proud of in that we have led this technology. We're building it out quickly. It's valuable. But it's an opportunity and we could squander it. We need to steer it. It will just be left to its own. It's going to do, it's not going to be pro-worker. What you're hearing both from me and David is that AI is a very promising technology, but it's precisely the reason why we've got to put the care to make sure that we use it for the right thing. Gentlemen, you have done the impossible. You have done the impossible, which is you have somehow not allayed my fears, But you've given me hope that the future is actually not yet been written. And what it does is it creates opportunity. And when you have those opportunities to write it in the proper way. But I think what you've done really well today is you've given specifics. That none of this is platitude. This is all the specificity of here's what it could do. Here's the damage it's going to do. Here's a way to mitigate it. And here's some ways to give us a shared prosperity for it. And I think that's that's truly I think that's the conversation that the two of you have, you thought about having a podcast?