Day seven of making an app that'll change your life. Hey, excuse me, just like English. No, where are you from? Congo. Congo, okay. Has this ever happened to you when you try to go to travel to a new country and you're trying to speak language to people, but they don't understand a single word that you're saying? Because if it is, this just might be a happy year. The whole point is when I was younger, I was afraid to talk to people whose language I did not understand. I was shy, and honestly, at the end of the day, I feel like they didn't want me to say anything to them. If that was a problem that you had when you were younger, or that you still have now, I want you to hear me out. As humans, learning languages is actually a pattern because most humans operate with patterns. When you were a kid, your mom used to tell you like, Mama, Dada, you couldn't read it, you couldn't write it, but you were able to speak it. This is because I've been able to hack how it is that people not only learn languages, but what you can do to make sure that you can learn whatever one you want in the world. See that over there? We call that fine shit. Now, a guy like me when I was younger, I didn't know how to talk to fine shit. I wish there was a time where I could rip out my phone, take a new photo, and have it ask, what can I do to get with her? What can I do to say to her? She speaks a different language. These are questions I used to ask myself. And I still do to this day. The point is, I've been asked hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of times, honestly thousands of times, what can I do to get better at talking to people? What can I do to understand how to navigate cultural situations? Or really just decipher, you know what it is, man? I want a wingman. That's what I always hear. I wish I had a wingman. I wish I had a wingman that spoke foreign language. Well, guess what? You got me literally in your pocket. If this sounds like you, make sure to hit the link in my bio. Join the waitlist so you know exactly when the apple drop before it's too late. It's a- I'm a- I'm a- Sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.