Disturbing, isn't it? That's supposed to be the testimony of an Iranian woman, detained in the crackdown on protesters in January. The problem? The video's not real. It's AI. And it's just one of many made-up videos and images depicting Iranian women as victims or in need of rescue from their own government. It may not surprise you to learn that this particular video is a product of an Israeli company called Generative AI for Good, which, according to its own description, is an impact company that develops AI-powered initiatives to amplify silenced voices. One of their main initiatives focuses on sexual violence against women. And this is just one story they've put out. I think it's only because I can't do it before myself. It says this woman's face has been changed with AI to protect her identity. But the whole scene is fake. The bookshelf, the curtains, the samovar. And the creators don't say where this testimony came from. The videos upset a lot of people because aside from the AI, the woman repeats nationalistic tropes that depict non-Persians as the aggressors. We talked about the conversation. We were also talking about Afghanistan. We were talking about the people who were in the Bahadur. It also claims without evidence that thousands of protesters including children were subjected to severe sexual violence in January Now this is not to deny there are real victims of state and sexual violence But why make stories up And why now Anthropologists say depicting Oriental women as helpless victims in need of rescue is one of the most powerful propaganda tools in political strategy and modern warfare. This depiction is designed to appeal specifically to Western white audiences. It's why so much of the world, including prominent Iranian diaspora activists, focus on what Iranian women wear. Iran's hijab laws, rather than more substantive equal rights issues. It's also why Iran's womanlike freedom movement went viral and had foreigners all over the world cutting off their hair. That brings me to US President Donald Trump. No, he didn't cut his hair off, but he did share this. Photos of eight Iranian women who were, according to him, about to be executed until he intervened and saved them. Iran's judiciary has denied that, by the way. But these images have been altered to the point that experts are debating whether they're completely AI-generated or have just been retouched to make the images more appealing. Young, attractive, female, no hijab, oh and mostly blonde. Now there are thousands of people in Iranian prisons, but in a war of both bombs and narratives, it seems some people have discovered if you can't find the perfect victim, just create one.