Let's talk about that SpaceX cursor deal because yesterday SpaceX announced that it has bought the right to acquire Cursor for $60 billion later this year or pay $10 billion and walk away. So the big question is why in the world would a rockets company want to buy an AI coding startup? Cursor is one of the most popular AI code editors on the market. It was founded back in 2022 and it was known for getting to $100 million in annual recurring revenue in under two years. Their most recent valuation from November was around $30 billion. But Cursor has a structural problem where it is currently bottlenecked by compute. In order to compete at the frontier against a cloud code or a codex, you need to train your own model. But unfortunately, a frontier training run costs somewhere around $5 billion in compute. So Cursor is in this sort of awkward position where it resells access to cloud and GPT models to its own users, all while those same companies are rolling out direct competitors to their product. XAI on the other hand has the opposite problem. If you remember Musk had merged SpaceX with XAI back in February and XAI had Colossus which is one of the most powerful supercomputers ever built However they have all this compute but not really a good coding product or application to route all of that infrastructure to. Plus, 10 of XAI's 12 original co-founders have since left the company. So together, this deal allows Cursor to run training jobs on Colossus with access to compute it usually wouldn't be able to afford on its own. And for XAI, they get very valuable cursor data. On top of this, we know that SpaceX is currently targeting a June listing for its IPO at a $1.75 trillion valuation. So adding something like a cursor to the portfolio before the roadshow gives them a much more solid enterprise software story alongside the rockets and the satellites. The way this entire deal is structured with the call option is pretty unusual, but it does give SpaceX a lot of strategic flexibility while cursor gets compute dependence and a cash injection of sorts without having to dilute themselves with metric funding. And either way, in the scenario that SpaceX's IPO doesn't go as well as expected and that $60 billion price tag becomes a lot more expensive, or if Cursor's growth stalls, then they'll have the $10 billion pay and walk scenario to fall back to.