A UC Berkeley study has concluded that AI doesn't reduce work. It makes work more intense for the workers using it. Over an eight-month study at a US tech company, researchers found that employees using AI worked at a faster pace, but that didn't lead to more time off. It led to them taking on more work and extending work into more hours of the day. That's because using AI, workers were able to take on responsibilities that had belonged to others. Which sounds great, right? Like more productive workers, what's wrong with that? Well, the issue is that it blurred the boundaries between work and non-work. Employees began using AI to do small amounts of work in time that had previously been breaks, which created a workday with fewer pauses, continual attention switching, and a growing number of open tasks at any given moment. The overall result on workers was more fatigue, more burnout, and a growing sense that work was harder to step away from. So AI does make workers more productive, but at what cost? After all, these productivity gains explain the waves of mass layoffs that we're seeing. And we've seen this before. When automation swept through American factories in the 70s, 80s, and 90s, it didn't free up workers for more opportunities. It just hollowed out entire communities. Detroit, Pittsburgh, Cleveland, they all lost hundreds of thousands of factory jobs as they were automated or shipped overseas. And the wealth from those productivity gains went to the very rich. AI is following that same pattern. So what do we do about it? Well, we need sensible AI policy, like requiring workers to get a say in how AI gets implemented, and a financial safety net for people who get displaced, and bans on the AI-driven wage algorithms that companies are already using to push pay as low as possible. And we need to seriously consider an AI dividend, a direct cash payment to anyone whose creativity is used to train these AI models, which is most of us given that it's trained on the sum of human knowledge. Because the future of AI is really about power, who has it and who doesn't. We need and deserve an alternative vision for AI. We're trying to paint a picture of that vision over at Pop Economy, so follow us if you're interested.