TikTok just came out with a brand new feature and if you are using it right now, TikTok is going to push your videos that have the AI because anytime that you use their new features, they push that content hard because they want people using their features. This is what it's going to do. It's going to bring your photos to life and what you're going to do is you are going to go down to the black plus button and you're going to click it like you're going to put up a post. Slide over to photos and you can either take a photo or you can upload one from your phone. Once you have the photo selected, you're going to hit the little green teal AI Alive button on the right-hand side if you have it. And then what's going to happen is it's going to bring up a prompt screen. TikTok already has a song in mind for it. Do not change the song. Leave everything there because the AI knows the mood, the lighting, everything that's in your photo. They're going to put what's trending for your photo in there. What you're going to do is you are going to write in the prompt what you want to be going on. You're going to keep the make this photo alive, but then write in what you want it to be doing. Is it a tribute video to somebody in the past and you want to be hugging them? Is it a funny video? Do you want them doing whatever? But you're going to put in your prompt and then you're going to hit the check mark or the OK button. And what's going to happen is it's going to take about a minute, but it's going to generate that video from your photo. Once you have it done, you are going to be able to upload it to your feed if you want to put it on your channel or you can put it in your stories. If it's a good video, you think it's going to do great. put it on your feed. Or if you just want other people to see it, put it on your feed. Don't be ashamed of putting anything on your feed, but put it on there and hopefully it goes viral. Hopefully you get a lot of views from it. And like I said, if you are using TikTok's features right when they come out, you're gonna get that extra push. So hopefully this has been helpful. If so, make sure you save this video, share it out with somebody else so we can get the word out here and a lot more people can start using this feature to go viral. And if you have not yet, make sure you hit that follow button so you don't miss out on any tips and tricks that I put here on TikTok.