CEO of Verizon just predicted that AI would cause 20 to 30% unemployment. CEO of Anthropic has made very similar claims about AI replacing knowledge work. And everyone just repeated it. As if running a large company automatically makes you an expert on labor economics. And here's the thing about CEOs. They are great, sometimes, at running their own companies. Verizon CEO has an impressive background. But being good at one thing does not make you an expert at everything. And labor economics is a very specific discipline that most CEOs have never studied in. So why are we all so hung on to what they are saying, mostly when it is about promoting their own names and businesses? Because what people who would actually know this stuff for a living are saying is different. In fact, a new study out of the Federal Reserve of Chicago surveyed 69 economists, 52 AI specialists, and 38 super forecasters, which is essentially people who are selected for their track record of constantly being right about these things. And what they predicted over the next five years is a 1.6% decrease in the labor force. Now, that number is not nothing because it measures labor across the entire working force population, but it is nowhere near the apocalyptic numbers that CEOs are giving and are going viral in the media and everybody's latching on to because people like hearing those nightmare scenarios to talk about them. CEOs have a direct financial incentive to hype AI. Anthropic can really make their products sound essential if it says it's going to disrupt the entire labor force. The Verizon CEO talk about mass unemployment can really apply pressure to their employees and regulators. They have a product to sell. And to be fair, the economists are not saying everything is fine. They have even changed their numbers over the last few years, realizing it is moving faster than they expected. But there's a difference between the real conversation economists are having about a slight decrease to the labor force and touting 30% unemployment numbers. And I will always put more weight into what people who study something and know something well say versus what somebody who has something to sell says. Do you think we're giving CEOs too much credibility in these news stories?