Since everyone thinks that Mythos is going to destroy cybersecurity industry, let's talk about a couple of facts. There's a couple of things missing from the news headlines about Mythos and the old vulnerability that it found. First of all, it's actually going to be to run it currently, it's cost prohibitive. To find that vulnerability, it costs tens of thousands of dollars in API calls and tokens, which you have to understand that even the hackers, they have return on investment and they think about what is the easiest way to exploit the organization. And secondly, what most people don't know is the way hackers operate. Let's take a look at, for example, Scattered Spider. Scattered Spider, the ones who breached Marks and Spencers and some of the other retail organizations, they mostly use social engineering. So what they do is they will get old credentials from info stealers. They could be even five years out of date. It doesn't really matter. What they will do then, using those credentials, they'll use AI voice clone and call company's his help desk change the voice to an 18 year old girl and ask to reset password so they don hack they actually will log in into organization then escalate the privileges move laterally across the network drop ransomware and that's it it's game over so even though mythos promises some great stuff it's very expensive and you have to remember it's just another tool that allow people to do more even when we're talking about for example bug bounty and all of that all of these ai they're creating a slop they're creating hundreds or even thousands findings but they're very low quality and i think even hacker one but you know all of these bounty programs they need to rethink how it's going to be evaluated because the quality is just not there and as i just mentioned about scattered spider you know social engineering is still there hackers are trying to find the easiest way in they don't need these crazy zero day vulnerabilities to exploit organizations so let me know in the comments what's your take on it and how do you view this whole new world of ai because i don't think it's replacing or diminishing cybersecurity professionals in any way shape or form i'll catch you the next one