Shabana Mahmood wants to use an Israeli AI company to spy on you. I am so serious. The Home Secretary is pushing ahead with the biggest ever rollout of facial recognition technology for police in England and Wales. The current fleet of 10 live facial recognition vans will grow to more than 50 to help the police identify more people on watch lists. But who's behind the AI-powered facial recognition software for these vans? Enter, from stage far right, Israeli firm Corsight AI sneaking into the process via its UK contractor Digital Barriers. Corsight AI's facial recognition tech has been tested in Israel's genocide in Gaza by the Israeli military spy unit 8200. This is the spy division that captured and stored a giant trove of Palestinians' private phone calls. Here's how it works. Corsight AI's programme scans the faces of Palestinians and then automatically decides whether their faces match a list of people wanted by Israel. Cataloguing faces without the consent of Palestinians in Gaza by the way Israeli soldiers entering Gaza were given cameras equipped with corset AI tech and they set up checkpoints along roads that Palestinians were using to flee complete with cameras that scanned faces After scanning the AI then decides whether someone has ties to Hamas and is therefore a military target. Three guesses for what happens next. And if this wasn't dystopian enough, the tech is dangerously inaccurate. Israeli security officials told the New York Times that Corsai AI had wrongly flagged civilians as wanted Hamas militants. And this is the tech that Essex police are already on the record as using for live facial recognition. I go downstairs, I open the door and I see police officers. And then from then on I was held in custody for about 11 hours before they would even speak to me and take any evidence I had. Civil Liberties campaigners have slammed Mahmood's plan for creating a Big Brother society. The Home Office even admitted last year that facial recognition tech is more likely to incorrectly identify black and Asian people as criminals than white people. But the Home Secretary has been bragging about creating a panopticon, literally saying that she wants the eyes of the state to be on you at all times. 1984, try 2026.