TikTok just silently removed the option for us to toggle off allow AI to remix content. And not only does this create more questions for content creators who are spending hours toggling this off manually on their videos, it also brings up legal implications and questions about biometric safety, data, privacy. And I think we should talk about it because we finally got an answer for what that feature was supposed to be in the first place. This AI remix feature was supposed to be for creating content through generative AI in the comment section. Before they snatched it away, some people got screenshots and they saw that there was a meme remixer. What does that mean? Well, TikTok didn't take the time to tell its users. It actually just told CNET. Basically, they said the experimental feature prompted TikTok to add a new setting that automatically gives its users permission to remix your content with AI unless you explicitly opt out. Here's the thing. We couldn't all opt out because that feature was taken away. Which brings us to the first question. For the people who spent hours manually opting out, are we still opted out? Do we have to continue opting out? Is it moved somewhere else? And I could not find it anywhere. Now, my attorney has reached out to TikTok. We have not gotten anything back. But it's interesting to note, for all of us who are making us think about generative AI and having all this opted in automatically, we're apparently complaining on TikTok. I'm sorry, when it comes to generative AI, I don't like to be complacent. I would rather be considered a disruptor. However, this feature was supposed to be called the meme remixer, where people would be able to change your voice, your face, or your background and create content or derivative content based off of that. And unfortunately a lot of people are assuming because the toggle disappeared that we no longer have to worry about this Mind you I need to bring your attention to another feature TikTok just launched which is AI cast through CDNs 2 which has understandably been met by a lot of backlash but also rejection from content creators who are seeing the implications of this. When it comes to a legal basis, talking about consent, privacy, specific laws that say that we have to be notified when it comes to opting in, opting out, we do not have comprehensive AI framework legislation when it comes to, like on a federal basis, protecting us as content creators. I believe in the past year, over 30 states did try to introduce new AI regulation laws. They're introduced, they're not passed. But I do see this causing an issue, especially people decide to use Disney assets or things that are like very protected, very litigious companies using all of their intellectual property and including it in these features. Now that's not my idea. Crutches and Spice brought this up and I think it's actually amazing. I don't know y'all, are there any companies that are like very litigious who don't like their IP used like this? Make a list down below. because now they're asking us to make our own AI self through generative AI. And even aside from all these new features, I'm already seeing a lot of TikTok shop creators posting organic, original content and having a company steal their video and completely transform the model, the person. They're just using that original creator as the framework for the video. And it's really hard to go after them, legally speaking. Anyway, if you have any questions, please sign off in the comments below. I believe that this feature is experimental, which is according to Sina. It could be coming back. So when it comes to should we be concerned about this, I believe that we should be diligent, we should be aware, and we shouldn't be complacent. But I want to know your thoughts. Please sign off in the comments below.