Have y'all ever had car problems so bad that your dad has to call his dad? Good lord y'all sorry. I didn't realize everyone's dad was dead. Did he die in the journal factory explosion? Like y'all are a rhetorical question's final boss, I swear to god. My dad is alive. Tone. Negative. My dad's not dead but his dad is. You didn't think about the carless people either Wyatt. What if I don't like beans? what if I don't like dads that's so easy just put beans in the engine and call her dad the car is beans grant this isn't what if my dad is beans what if I don't have a dad or a car This bean soup theory thing is so great. The way that we're combining bean soup theory with the journal factory explosion is just mwah. You, did y'all ever, them, I lost something once. I can't believe you would make a joke about the journal factory explosion That was really hard for some of us to experience and it kind of uncool if you joke about Not sure how to make this about me yet Anyone have any suggestions Dad soup theory What if my mom is dead? How can I bring that up? Journal factory exploded. Diary factory burned down. Inside thought machine broke. Since we're just commenting anything, I have a headache if anyone was wondering. My dad was a journal. Something something bean soup. my dad died eating beans during his lunch he was working in a journal factory the journal factory sued my entire family for medical malpractice so thanks the class of 2020 didn't even get a graduation why would you say this my car died in the journal factory explosion by the way my stomach hurts if you even care so my dad died in the journal factory explosion so Let's think about that maybe. I don't have a car or a dad, so I'm very extremely hurt by your video. This is so accurate. People are so weird. My dad doesn't even like beans and he's dead. Mine's dead, but he couldn't have helped me anyway. So no worries. Oh, okay, Ashley. I was wondering. Bruce, I never knew. I just lost my journal. Why would you bring that up? my dad is not dead but he is dead to me