Claude's new routines feature is really useful and it will probably kill automation platforms at some point. So here's how to use it. A routine is just a saved instruction that Claude can do on a schedule like every hour, every few hours, every day, every week, whatever. Or it can be triggered via a simple API call. If you're non-technical, don't worry. All that means is that when something happens in one of your apps, it instantly triggers Claude to follow the saved instruction. And it's really easy to set up and I'm going to show you. So remember, the instruction is not just a prompt. A routine can also use your connectors, which are the apps that you've given Claude access to. So it can be really powerful. You might think this sounds a lot like scheduled tasks in Claude code work. It kind of is, but this is in Claude code. There are some specific developer capabilities here, but there's two really big differences. Firstly, the ability to be triggered through an API call. But secondly, the fact you can have a routine run in the cloud. So your laptop doesn't have to be on. It doesn't have to be awake for it to run. So let's look at two simple routines. Firstly, a schedule triggered one. I got this running already where every morning it goes and looks in a specific folder in my email where all the requests from brands to sponsor my content land And for each one it does proper research on that company and then compiles a big overview of what are probably the most high value deals and sends me that in Slack I am already finding this really useful. The second routine I've got uses the API trigger. Again, it sounds technical, but it's really simple. So when you set up a routine this way, Claude gives you a unique web address and a password, basically. And now anything can send a message to that address and fire the routine instantly. And this can be hooked up to Zapier, Make, NA10, even Apple Shortcuts. So in this case, when someone fills in the contact form on my website, that triggers a really simple Zapier automation that I can run many times on their free plan. And I've then pasted my Claude endpoint URL from the routine into Zapier. So that triggers the Claude routine. So Claude researches that prospect using LinkedIn and the web in general, and it writes up a proposal using my brand template. It writes a draft email reply, and it even checks my calendar if the person mentioned anything to do with having a meeting. And it then pings me on Slack, so I get this instant notification as if I had a sales assistant.