Because I'm married to your son, you think I'm your slave. Please, my daughter, have mercy on me. I am not your daughter. It is done. Congratulations on your graduation. I'm super proud of you. You're now an official lawyer. Thank you, my lovely husband. You've always been supportive. Babe, let me check in with my friends. Congrats, Sam. Thanks, David. How come your trophy wife didn't come with you? Influencer Regina My wife left the house since yesterday angrily and she hasn't returned Oh my God, what did you do this time? Hello? Oh my God, I'll see y'all later, guys. Got to go What do you mean all my assets were transferred? I didn't make that action Yes, sir, but a power of attorney you legalized was used I am a big mumu What kind of a foolish boy are you, David? How did you let a woman convince you into such... Mom, I trusted her and you said she was an upgrade, so I didn't want to lose her. Of all my sons, you're the most stupid. What do we do, mom? We? Who is we? Be very careful, David. You're such a shame. Mom wait What do you think you doing to me woman This is nothing but what you deserve Evacuate my property in two weeks the new owner would be moving in Are you crazy? This is my house. No, this was your house. It now belongs to Dr. Fred, my buyer. I will beat you up and get you arrested for stealing from me. You're stealing your pride? I thought you'd beg so I can reconsider. What? Go down on your knees and beg me. Okay, please, Regina, don't do this to me. So nice to finally see you without your pride Wake up dummy, this is over Where do you think you're going to go digger? Sorry, I currently have no words for an old goat today You think you can go away with everything you didn't work for? Just shut up woman, my god will fight you You do not know god, you are a barren witch I told you never to call me that again Hey Tiwa, my name is Regina. I know who you are. You are David's wife. Good, I am not here to fight you. There's something I want us to do. Okay, sure, let's hear it. I kept your name in my chest Like a blade I couldn't set down Every mirror in this house Told me I was breaking down