There's one thing that I could tell anyone learning AI, it is to embrace going multimodal. Just typing and reading, but chatting back and forth, like literally with your voice, even using vision and imaging. I am someone with ADHD, and I also tend to speak and think faster than I can type. And I rely on multimodal AI regularly, but especially today, because the other thing about typing into these tiny interfaces is absolutely shit for your vision. which is why I'm wearing these glasses. Just came back from the eye doctor. Tell you about how I use multimodal AI to ensure that I keep up my sense of flow, even though I can't read a damn thing right now. So I'm waiting for my appointment in the doctor's office. I will open up the notebook LM app and start a new folder. Now you can upload your sources, but I'm going to start a deep research query. We're just going to hit the ground running. Using my voice AI dictation app, I'm going to give it a prompt. Now Siri doesn't cut it here, guys. You're going to need something like whisper flow, I use monologue and I'm going to quietly speak because I'm in a public place. The prompt which is I going to want to run a deep research query on X topic around the subtopics and these questions that I am looking to answer to direct it to look to specifically different sources limit it to a certain number of sources whatever you want to do. And I'm going to hit generate and I'm going to let it cook an hour later. Definitely cannot read anything, but I can read the app enough to see that it has generated a summary along with a list of verifiable resources with backlinks that I can later read and validate for myself, but can't do that right now because of this. So I can see enough to hit studio and in studio hit a big button called generate media. And in about five, 10 minutes, I have a podcast style episode. The content is based off of all of the information deep research came back with. Not only do you listen, you can actually interrupt the speakers, which is what I did, ask clarifying questions. And again, the speakers in the podcast would base it off of the information from the notebook. I love learning like this, guys. I love being able to not just, yes, sit with and read and type things out, also chat with, take it with me on a walk or accommodate me, but also approach it from different angles and have the information meet me where I am.