We launched ChatGPT, which was by far not the most impressive technological thing we had done. By far, by far. And as soon as people could feel it, they're like, okay, I understand it. I think that was the moment probably most that the world has said maybe this AI thing is real, like collectively all at once. Because people can use it and they can get value out and they can develop their own sense. It's very different than hearing about it. That's happened again, as Greg said, with coding models. But those have really been the two kind of like large, significant moments where I think the world has updated and said, okay, there's this thing happening. But so far, the fact that you can ask a computer anything, get an answer, or have a computer do anything, anything with code for you, those have been really powerful. So I think the most important thing we can do to help that audience of people think not just about like, what does this mean for people not cheating in class, but like, what does this mean for the world is to ship great, delightful products that create a lot of value and are easy for people to use. The second thing is, we have seen again and again in our history that when we put something out that pretty good people say I can really imagine what happens if this gets better This image model that Greg was mentioning which we launch soon was a real example of that for me And then this new thing has been a real reminder of like wow, this can go so much further and there's so much more I can do. But even with ChatGPT, like when we put GPT-4 in ChatGPT, I remember a lot of people, like sophisticated friends of mine saying, this is it. And if you go back and use that, whatever it was, I guess like March of 2023 version of GPT-4, you'll be like this was terrible can't get any you know and and then it gets better and better and i think we see this again and again too where the world is like okay you made this amazing thing and then month by month or at least quarter by quarter expectations and ability ratchet up in a huge way and then the third thing greg was saying there is these models are still quite dumb relative to what they will be uh we are not no longer that far away from a model that just knows all of your context. That is going to be a complete change to what it feels like to use a computer and what it feels like to use AI. And I am tremendously excited about that, but I don't think even we have a good intuition yet for what that's really going to feel like.