Hello everybody, it's Coder With Drill here, and one thing I gotta say, I love vibe coders. I think they're smart. Why do I think they're smart? I think they're taking advantage of a good opportunity right now. You know, a lot of people are not taking advantage of the opportunity. For me, personally, I went to school for this stuff, right? I remember grinding, putting in the work, you know, being a Division I athlete, and then also trying to get a computer engineering degree, right, at the same time. You know, it was hard. Right after practice, running in there, trying to make it, coming in late all the time. you know again why because i had a lot of things to juggle but the end of the day i did it i got the degree but looking back on it i'm like man these vibe coders got it going on right now man they didn't have to go to school for this stuff all they got to do is you know do this do that and they're they're basically set right don't get me wrong they're still putting in work they're probably still putting in work but they might not have put in as much work as you know potentially someone that got the degree you know then again this obviously this leads to debate as well too who really knows if you actually put it into work whenever you got the degree right But I just know from my personal experience you know I put in a lot of work to get to the degree You know meanwhile a vibe coder can be at the same playing field or even higher than what I currently at Why? Because they potentially had a great idea and made it come into play, you know, because of the resources that we have right now, you know. So I like vibe coders. Why? Because they make me go harder. To be quite honest with you, it's like, you know, I'm a software engineer. but at the end of the day it's like i got a vibe coder that's out here putting putting the work they're doing this down and third and they're getting better results than me i want to keep going even harder right why because i was like man because it makes you think in your head you're like man i went to school for this how are these five quarters doing this out of dirt man these maybe want to go harder so i'm i'm super excited and thank you by the voters for you know being around and being in this position because you're making you know software engineers like myself you know and other people that know keep going harder because you keep making us keep pushing and keep trying to strive to go on to the next thing, you know, and that's all we want, man. We just want to keep growing and keep showing success and keep trying to make a difference, keep trying to make a difference in the world. So thank you, Black Coders. This is me, Coders.