So Hobie, the yarn brand, uses AI a lot, and they plan on integrating it into their business, and they're very excited for the future of AI, according to them. They said no one has 100% control over AI, so they decided to go ahead and use AI that they do have control over using. Their whole post, it's on LinkedIn if you want to read it, just turned my brain into mush, honestly. Hobie already has like a negative look in my eyes because they are known for not paying the fiber artists and content creators that they work with from personal experience and from other people's experiences that I've heard of they like to use them and give them free yarn and in exchange they're like you know what you need to post like two reels you need to post three stories and maybe one Instagram post and all they give you is free yarn which is absolutely ridiculous to expect and require when you're not paying them a penny you know so I already look at them as like so on top of contributing to using fiber artists without paying them like a lot of yarn brands like to do they also said they're going to be incorporating generative AI to their business and that AI has lots of perks like saving their tech team from awkward photo shoots so instead of paying photographers and whoever will set up everything for the photo shoot they can just use AI and create the picture instead pictures like this that they posted I'm just like how tone deaf do you have to be as a yarn company okay I don't care if you're branded yourself like a tech company you sell yarn people know you for yarn okay in a fiber arts space all right so how can you as a yarn company Be so tone to confidently post that and be like hey guys i know ai you know has been stealing your work and stealing your patterns and stealing everything that you artists come out with but guess what i don't care and i'm gonna be using ai anyway you're posting that in this space where we're dealing with ai stealing our work every single day literally the other day found out that ai stole my sister's patterns so then using them for your photos that as the example has to be the dumbest thing I have ever seen. Do you have no one on your tech team that can use Photoshop? Canva. Can you not pay someone to make creative photos? I mean, you guys are already used to not paying creatives anyway, fiber artists for their work, their hard work. So of course, you're not gonna pay a photographer to take a picture of you. So what we can get from this post is that you guys will also be using AI for your yarn pictures and your yarn and stuff. You can say, no, you're not going to, but why would we believe that? All I will believe is that you're going to use AI to generate pictures of your yarn because you're too lazy to take pictures of your yarn because AI has so many perks. It's just so annoying when brands, especially brands in the fiber arts space specifically, shows us that they just don't care. They do not give a fuck. They don't care about their customers. They don't care about the community. And it's clear when you're starting to use systems and integrating systems that negatively impact the community that you're in, your customer base, your followers, the people that are making you money. Yeah. Anyway, I just found out about this and I saw a couple people talking about it and I was just like, I have to give my two cents because this is actually ridiculous. Like you're a yarn company in the fiber arts space. Okay, sure. Anyway, what are your thoughts about it?