=== ID: wrMVn43RsH4 ===
TITLE: Google AI Thinks Garbage Truck is a Convertible 😂 #shorts
DESC: Watch Google's new Project Astra / Gemini Live AI hilariously mistake a garbage truck for a convertible and a street light for a building! AI isn't perfect... yet! #googleai #projectastra #geminilive #techfail #funnyai
KEYWORD: AI garbage
VIEWS: 1246
TRANSCRIPT: I live as Project Astra's camera and screen sharing capabilities. So, you can talk about anything you see. That's a pretty nice convertible. I think you might have mistaken the garbage truck for a convertible. Is there anything else I can help you with? What's this skinny building doing in my neighborhood? It's a street light, not a building. Why is this person following me wherever I walk? No one's following you. That's just your shadow.

=== ID: TWSeEt-p1Zc ===
TITLE: Is Topaz Photo AI Garbage?
DESC: Is Topaz Photo AI still worth using for photographers? In this video, I walk you through a real-world test of Topaz Photo AI's latest update while prepping a 40x60 black and white print of the Grand Tetons. I show how the software unexpectedly introduced chromatic aberration—into a black and white image—and why I’ve gone back to using Photoshop’s Smart Sharpen instead. If you're a beginner photographer wondering how to sharpen your images for large prints, avoid halos, and prep files properly, t
KEYWORD: AI garbage
VIEWS: 1193
TRANSCRIPT: So, a few weeks ago, I put out a video about how I uh prep my images for print, right? Sharpening, enlarging, and all that. I recently had a client place an order for one of my black and whites. It's a 40x60. It's a the Grand Tetons. It's It was really stormy that day, so I got a It's a really nice black and white. At least I think so. I went to go do my normal image prep or print prep for the image. And my normal thing is to uh open up the file, put it into the Topaz Photo AI, and just do a very minimal amount of sharpening cuz I found that's the only thing that program is good for because I don't know if YouTubers get paid for promoting this product, but I found it is just mostly garbage. In fact, it's funny. I was at the Edmonds Art Fair and I had a photographer come into my lab uh come to my lab, come to my booth and we started talking about it. He feels the same way I do that it's just garbage. But like I said, it did the one thing really well. Sharpen the image, go to the natural setting, do a very small amount of sharpening, and it was like just what I needed. I opened up Topaz Labs and it had to go through some updates. So I was like, "Okay." Okay, so I updated it and I'll show you the results of their update. So now that we're in my computer, this is the image here and like I said, it was very stormy that day. It just worked out really well as black and white. So you can see over here I just made a couple copies of it. You know, this is the background. I just command
[...middle cut...]
o uh sharpening an image for print. So, if tell me if you've had experience with the photo AI and if I'm doing something wrong. I don't know. I may have to play around a little bit more and see if I can figure it out. But right now, it is just became a useless program. Fortunately, it was a one-time buy. I'm not going to pay for updates. I'm just going to kind of slowly let it die because it's just not worth it to me. Like I said, if you've had different experiences with Photo AI, please let me know in the comments down below. Don't forget to like and subscribe. Uh check out my website, randybotphotography.com. So anyway, don't forget to like and subscribe and I'll see you in the next video.

=== ID: ckxHIdrcpS8 ===
TITLE: Beast Unleashed ai slop garbage
DESC: 
KEYWORD: AI garbage
VIEWS: 41
TRANSCRIPT: These kids don't know what is going on. I am the actual man. Oh, you do not matter because everyone Oh, you do not matter because everyone Oh, you do not matter because everyone Oh, you do not matter because everyone Oh, you do not matter because everyone Oh, you do not matter because everyone everyone. Oh, you do not matter because everyone Oh, you do not matter because everyone Oh, you do not matter because everyone Oh, you do not matter because everyone Oh, you do not matter because everyone Oh, you do not matter because everyone The mutants won't know what hit them. M M M M M M Time to neutralize. I got this. I can do this. I got this. Well, well, well. Hello, Diamond. Bey. Of all the super maximum prisons in all the world, you have to walk into mine. If you don't do your chores, you are going to have to clean the cow's bathroom. No. Why do you always listen? Why do you always listen? Why do you always listen? Why do you always listen? Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Heat up here. What the heck are these things? Get away. Heck are these things? Get away. Heck are these things. Get away. What the heck are these things? Get away. Heck are these things? Get away. Heck are these things? Get away. The heck are these things? Get away.

=== ID: qc-16t0L0t8 ===
TITLE: I’VE HAD ENOUGH OF THIS AI GARBAGE!!!
DESC: 
KEYWORD: AI garbage
VIEWS: 42
TRANSCRIPT: [Music] again stop this needs to stop now stop airing this ad Christmas is over already take this off here take this off YouTube take this off iceball take this off Vimeo take this off take this off everywhere delete this from existence just stop

=== ID: M0T4yXI5t5g ===
TITLE: I Was Right About Sora.
DESC: Try Rocket Money for FREE or unlock more features with premium at: https://RocketMoney.com/pillarofgarbage  Business-wise, this all seems like appropriate business.  Here's a link to that first video: https://www.patreon.com/posts/december-bonus-145819130?utm_medium=clipboard_copy&utm_source=copyLink&utm_campaign=postshare_creator&utm_content=join_link Check out my Patreon! https://www.patreon.com/pillarofgarbage Or join my channel on YouTube with a Membership:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/U
KEYWORD: AI garbage
VIEWS: 104152
TRANSCRIPT: Extra extra! That much-reported, high-profile 
partnership between OpenAI's Sora platform and   Disney, which was announced last December, 
seeing Disney pledge 1 billion dollars of   investment to OpenAI and plan a two-way 
partnership, allowing Sora users to   legitimately generate content featuring Disney 
IP, and, theoretically, integrate some form of   video generation to the Disney+ platform... has 
collapsed! Not only does that billion dollar   investment seem to have been cancelled, OpenAI 
has pulled away from generative video products   across the board - outright shuttering the 
public-facing Sora app altogether in a shock move.  But, hey - let's not throw any blame around, 
none of us could possibly have observed that the   financials didn't make too much sense, predicted 
that this partnership wasn't all it was cracked   up to be, that all these companies were really 
trading was market hype, that it might not last,   that Sora wouldn't even necessarily still be 
operating by the end of the deal's term, and,   oh my god, what's that! It's coming right for me!
(thumbnail crashes into frame)  (clips, faded: real story isn't what's being 
reported / pretending Sora will still / hedging)  (clip - PAST ME: The real story isn't the story 
that's being reported.... Pretending for a second   that Sora and OpenAI will be properly functioning 
in 3 years' time.... Disney are hedging their   bests... OpenAI gets part of their expenses 
paid for one month, once, and they get
[...middle cut...]
orithmic shit   meant nobody gave me props on the bomb ass 
soundtrack pieces I made for it. But that's   fine - I'm more than happy to toot my own horn.
And hey - if you want to help me toot it too, why   not sign up with a Patreon or YouTube membership? 
You get bonus videos, which are often far less dry   and far more interesting than the one I've been 
talking about here, and you get a better way to   follow what I'm up to, and, y'know, other stuff 
too. Huge thank you to everyone already on board,   especially BirdingBaddie, Chanann, Daniel 
Goldhorn, DeathstrokeHQ, Harry Price, Kuang-Yu   Liu, nothings, Something Something Capitalism Bad, 
Stephen Van Doren, Thomas R, and WeirdyBeardy.

=== ID: VNwBOE8FfXI ===
TITLE: Roblox rants are AI garbage
DESC: 
KEYWORD: AI garbage
VIEWS: 183
TRANSCRIPT: Mr. Seven Dog Fatties surrounded me and they looked like they wanted to fight. Let me explain. So, I was chilling in Hot Topic when I hear the sound of leather boots stopping towards me. I turn around. I see nothing but black lipstick and dominant stairs. Then they say, "Wait, are you small arm ramps? You're the great Mimi reset guy." My mind [music] was racing. I wanted to say something clever to impress them. I blurred out, "Actually, I'm starting the great dog reset where on January 1st, 2026, we bring back dummy mommies from 2010." What the [ __ ] What you witnessed was called a Roblox rant. Now, these things have been popular for like May of this year or I actually have no idea. But basically, at first it was okay. It was decent, but now now it's garbage. Now it's just slop. More than half of it is just AI content and usually a corporate slop. Now, some people have made videos talking about how Roblox rants are terrible to say the least. Uh, I highly advise you go watch them because they're well edited and this is not really well edited. I mean, it's animated, but who cares? So, yeah, that's all I wanted to say for this video. Uh, and also, uh, merry Christmas Eve to everyone who's watching this. Uh, by the time I'm making this, it's Christmas Eve. So, yeah.

=== ID: okhJhgtgC94 ===
TITLE: Is it REAL or AI GARBAGE? Social Security & Medicare | FEBRUARY 2026
DESC: Is Social Security and Medicare changing in February 2026? A former Social Security insider exposes the truth behind the 2.8% COLA increase, rising Medicare Part B premiums, and debunks the viral fake news about a "$200 bonus payment" and the retirement age being eliminated. Stop the AI garbage and get the facts you need to protect your benefits!  In this video, we cut through the misinformation to give you the official updates for February 2026. We cover the real changes to your Social Security
KEYWORD: AI garbage
VIEWS: 14121
TRANSCRIPT: All right, there's enough real stuff out there to be worried about. There's no reason to worry about stuff that is pretty much false information, fake information, just a bunch of social media crap out there that people are putting out there. AI see a bunch of uh AI channels that have popped up. Looks like they're official people, Dave Ramsey, Warren Buffett, the previous commissioner of Social Security, and they're looks it looks official and they're giving out incorrect information, false information just for clicks and just to harass people. So, I think uh with our our live Q&A, which we're going to start here in a little bit, we've already got some questions about the survivor benefits and spouse benefits and taking your benefits at 62 and all the rest of it. I'll get into as many questions as I can for the rest of the hour, but I think uh I think we should do this team maybe once a week uh a couple of times a month or something. Um, so whatever you see out there that you [snorts] think you see out there in the world, social media, Tik Tok, uh, Facebook, uh, YouTube, news, newspapers, through Google, whatever, and it looks, uh, doesn't pass the smell test, it looks a little suspicious, make sure you bring it in over to us. Um, and we will do a video once or twice a month and dispel all the BS so we can focus on what's actually needs to be focused on. There are certain things that we definitely need to focus on making sure we don't get the cuts in social security which are
[...middle cut...]
nt at 62, will the dollar amount I am watered ever increase? It'll increase based on two things. Cola and if you continue to work and that's one of your high 35 years. And Dorothy says hello from upper Michigan. It's probably a few degrees below Yeah. zero in upper Michigan, right? All right. Fatima. There we go. Fatima. Yes. Uh yes. I I was at Camp Kzer um in Okinawa there. So we got a lot of got a lot of lot of Marines here. Yes. I think they they've closed down Fatima. They closed it down. Uh, I used to drive around the the general there, General Day, um, Hacksaw Ridge. So, um, yeah, good old Okanow. All right, y'all. Take care. Have a beautiful night. And please, please, please take care

=== ID: mf9UboZ-ses ===
TITLE: Episode 14: Hot Garbage and Gold Mines: How to Survive the AI Hype Machine
DESC: In this episode of Prompt Commander AI, Tim and Allan rip the glossy labels off the world of AI platforms and expose the hot garbage buried beneath the buzz. From overpromised LLMs to shiny-but-shallow tools, we break down how to spot red flags, avoid overpriced vaporware, and choose tools that actually deliver.   You'll learn    •  What separates a solid AI product from a polished scam   •  When to trust the hype and when to run   •  How Prompt Commander’s AI-infused consulting helps you skip t
KEYWORD: AI garbage
VIEWS: 7
TRANSCRIPT: [Music] Command the code scale with precision. AI playbook built for decision. Process tight. We move with vision. Three minds lead in the next edition. Command the code. Optimize moves from the data to the brain. We improve unlock grow strategy bold promp command to let the future unfold. AI lock in we don't guess work every prompt clean every step got purpose. Streamline task automate flows. Turn your ops to a beast. Watch efficiency grow. John breaks walls with a code first brain. Rewriting limits real time game. Allen everyday scope makes smooth. He maps the mission while the system grooves. Tim got tools for the team to win. Plug it in once success begin. Corporate sharp enterprise smart. We don't chase trends. We build from the build from the build from the build from the build from the Welcome to the Prompt Commander AI podcast where AI meets reality and we take out the trash. Today we're going to dive into the wild west of AI platforms products and promises with new tools popping up every day. How do you know what's legit and what's just polished garbage? Whether you're building with chat GBT or dabbling in Midjourney or getting pitched another AI powered slide deck generator like Gamma, this episode is your nononsense guide to cutting through the hype. Welcome Allan to the podcast. How you doing today my friend? I'm doing great. How are you Tim? I am so excited to be here today and to talk about this topic. It's come up a few times and I'm going to credit you to the 
[...middle cut...]
e moves from the data to the brain. We improve. Unlock grow strategy. B promp command to let the future unfold. AI lock in. We don't guess work. Every prompt clean every step got purpose. Streamline task. Automate flows. Turn your ops to a beast. Watch efficiency grow. John breaks walls with a code. First brain. Rewriting limits. Real time game. Allen. Everyday scope made smooth. He maps the mission while the system grew. Tim got tools for the team to win. Plug it in once, watch success begin. Corporate sharp, enterprise, smart, we don't chase trends. We built from the start. We built from the start. We built from the start. We built from the start. We built from the We built from the start.

=== ID: eh4GJnu6Ln0 ===
TITLE: The WIzard of Oz at The Sphere is AI GARBAGE! The Weekly Roundup...
DESC: SUBSCRIBE! LIKE! SHARE, BABY!  The rich people somewhere decided they would take a classic and RUIN it so they could make a few bucks off of it. LEAVE MEDIA ALONE!  Send us an email: PATCPOD@gmail.com  This month on PATREON: www.patreon.com/podandthecity  8/28 Smash S1 E9 "Hell on Earth" 9/4 Drag Race All Stars 2 E1 "All Stars Talent Show Extravaganza" 9/11 Pillow Talk 9/18 Vanderpump Rules S1 E6 "Caught With Your Trousers Down" 925 Smash S1 E10 "The Understudy"  LEAVE US A VOICEMAIL FOR OUR MAI
KEYWORD: AI garbage
VIEWS: 697
TRANSCRIPT: Hi guys, it's Pod in the City. It's Amanda and Joan. We're here. I was going to say every week when we're going to do Wicked Watches, but like check out because we're going to be like doing Wicked Watches leading up until I can't speak. I'm like speaking in another language right now. We're going to be doing Wicked Watch 2025. up to the release of Wicked for Good Baby. And if you didn't know, Amanda and I are are huge Wicked movie stands. Not huge, but like we love I was never into the musical. I never knew I didn't know the story. The movie was literally the first time I ever like knew what the story was about. But we both were haters. We were talking [ __ ] about it leading up to it, making snarky ass comments like little [ __ ] And then I saw it four times in theaters cuz I was obsessed. The moment first of all I cried 7,000 times. Cynthia Revo singing The Wizard and I and then when she's doing Define Gravity and she's falling. Yeah. And then it shows the child version of herself. [ __ ] don't do that to me. movies don't do that to me because I instantly I'm like I feel like there's no way it'll be not as good because it's literally just the same movie just the second half of it. There's I think it's going to be now Wicked for Good is going to be much darker actually because a lot more heavy [ __ ] happens. They're also in like a different phase of their life and they also have like different like looks. In fact, Alphaba is like hard hardcore fierce fabulous. Okay. Yes, we
[...middle cut...]
er than Carrie and the rest of them and we're like, "Y'all are idiots." And yeah, that's where I I am often like, man, how did Samantha keep the friendship? And as we know, she didn't remember, she was so horrible. She was using Carrie as an ATM. Speaking of, if you guys like um us and you like Sex in the City and Pod in this or just like that and you just stumbled upon this video because you were like, "Hm, is Carrie Bradshaw a narcissist?" Every Friday we do live streams. Uh Friday at 2 p.m. EST, we do a live stream. Right now, we're doing a full hate rewatch of season one of Ann Just Like That. We're figuring out what went wrong. Exactly. and we put out uh new episodes each week recapping

=== ID: FT51tBZn9UI ===
TITLE: ai garbage followed by ??? | infiniZyck
DESC: streamer life simulator 2 - episode 1  like, comment, subscribe  follow me on twitch: https://www.twitch.tv/infiniZyck
KEYWORD: AI garbage
VIEWS: 1
TRANSCRIPT: Hello everybody. My name is Infinic and today we're going to be playing streamer Life Simulator 2. I didn't play the first one, so let's We got three options for that. Okay, you know what? I don't care what we look like. Yep, sounds good to me. I thought for a second the game was going to crash. Can I have a cappuccino? Can I get a double shot of espresso? Boss, deal with the customers now. I wonder who I should start with first. Okay. I'm not This looks AI generated. Oh no. Okay. But why? The backgrounds the art is was AI generated. Um, okay. Hello. Um, those people were driving very erratically. I was scared for a second. [ __ ] What? What? Oh, okay. I see. Does this place have no security whatsoever? disliked that. I also very much dislike everything about this. Um What? Okay. Ah, yes. The lighting bugs. Get on my bike and get out of here. Okay. Where is home? The other direction. How am I carrying all of this on this tiny ass bike? That's what I want to know. How am I carrying all of this on my tiny ass little bike? Cuz this is a lot to carry. Like, walk. Why is there a guy just in the road? What the [ __ ] What in the [ __ ] I live like this. I live like this. I live like this. I'm in awe at how shitty life is. Wow. Wow. Okay. Wow. I don't even I don't know what to say or do or anything like that. Let's I guess core C core basic build. Yeah, let's let's put the Titan Force basic. Pixel Force basic power core basic. Um, that [ __ ] Uh, that [ __ ] That [ __ ] And okay, um
[...middle cut...]
 no reason. I'm not reading what these upgrades do. I get bonuses every time I level up. That's fascinating. level up. Okay. Lots of dropped frames. How do I stop stream? There we go. Now we got to look at donate lab. Enter stream key 572953. Access 935. Yeah, I don't know what to do. I don't have money to buy a microphone. I'm out of money. Okay, guys. Uh we're going to end it here. Uh, and I'm going to have to figure out what I'm supposed to do since I ran out of money. I might have to start over next time. I don't know. Uh, thank you all for being here. Thank you for watching me struggle. Um, don't forget to like, comment, and subscribe. And I will see you all next time. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.

=== ID: Rk6khbD3lcE ===
TITLE: AI GARBAGE STORY TIME
DESC: 
KEYWORD: AI garbage
VIEWS: 14
TRANSCRIPT: show me a picture of a boy playing with a garbage truck toy he got as a Christmas present that's great the boy loves the present so much that it has become his dream to One Day become a garbage man show me a picture of the boy playing in a pile of garbage now fast forward a couple years the young boy is a now in garbage man School working hard and doing exams all to achieve his one goal being a garbage man the boy is now in his early 20s after years of hard work he has finished garbage college and is about to receive his garbage diploma from his garbage men professors the boy is loving life as a garbage man he's so happy driving around a garbage truck and he especially loves the scent of garbage that surrounds him 24/7 oh no our garbage loving Rascal main character got in a garbage truck crash and died his fellow garbage truck colleagues and friends came to pay their wishes holding a bouquet of garbage at his funeral

=== ID: YgF7kbfhS9M ===
TITLE: AI art on garbage cans causing outrage
DESC: An online debate has surfaced as many argue if decorated garbage cans should have been created using AI or not. CTV Windsor’s Bob Bellacicco explains.  Subscribe to CTV News to watch more videos: https://www.youtube.com/ctvnews  Connect with CTV News: For live updates and latest headlines visit: http://www.ctvnews.ca/  For breaking news, fast, download the CTV News App: https://www.ctvnews.ca/app Must-watch stories and full programs at http://www.ctvnews.ca/video  CTV News on TikTok: https://www
KEYWORD: AI garbage
VIEWS: 629
TRANSCRIPT: A debate is raging online about four decorated garbage cans on Policer Street in downtown Windsor. The crux of the argument is whether or not artificial intelligence should have been used to create the images on those cans. CTV's Bob Bellico explains. It's not signed. It's not in the Lou. It's not in a museum. It's on a garbage can. Four garbage cans are at the center of a debate between former politician Brian Massie and city councelor Ronaldo Agustinino who commissioned the work through the downtown BIA. All I've done is ask the question similar to all the other industries is where's the transparency when we use AI and where's the public policy for it? A former Windsor West MP, Massie is questioning the use of Oscar the Grouch, a popular Sesame Street character in the design. Oscar the Grouch is a well-known established iconic figure that belongs to Sesame Workshop, a not for-profit organization, and we might get called on that. Agugustino points to a mural on Olet Avenue that includes the Detroit Pistons and Tigers logo on it. We'd be more than happy to peel the sticker off or or blur the image, but I really don't think again at four [clears throat] garbage cans in downtown Windsor if uh if someone's got if someone's got a copyright issue with that, God bless them. Now, Agugustino says that the BIA has 36 more of these cans to wrap. They're going to hire multiple artists to do so and maybe even throw out a contest for some design ideas. Artist Dan Bombardier was commissioned and produced the designs and stickers for the cans for the BIA. He even points out spelling mistakes thrown in for fun. That's how this happens is if you don't give the artist the right budget, then you will get AI slop. The artist, also known as Denial, feels there is room for AI in the art world. But what he would like to see is investment, paying the arts community to paint the cans. He points out to other cities in North America that pay artists to paint public property like electric boxes. And 99% of money you put in artists hands goes right back into the community. So that's our end goal. We would love to see that instead of spelling mistakes and AI slop. Bob Elicho, CTV News.

=== ID: 0tOntoHdfIc ===
TITLE: I got scammed by AI and all I got were these garbage furry shorts | Edit & Chat | #ad #daredrop
DESC: I don't support the unethical use of AI, btw. I got a dumb idea to pay 30 dollars to try an AI shorts generator because I thought it'd be funny content and oh boy, was that a mistake. This was originally a video idea I wanted to do for laughs, but honestly the results were so garbage that I we're gonna look at this in depth.  We're also going to be looking at Powder, and AI Streamer program just to see what happens.   Furry streams, fursuit videos, and more thanks to your support!~ Ko-Fi: ~ http
KEYWORD: AI garbage
VIEWS: 875
TRANSCRIPT: and we're live again it's Saturday it's 6:15 it's time for some kite at night it's not what it looks like I I swear this is uh this is going to be hopefully educational and funny uh this has been something I've been planning for a couple of months now uh this was originally kind of in the works from last anthron uh where the whole AI kind of craze was happening and um there were a lot of companies that were doing this right hey take your videos turn them into AI shorts upload them you'll get tons of views or whatever and they were so horrible when I tried them I kind of just dropped this project um one of the things I kind of want to look at is do we even have to worry about AI if it's like so bad and hopefully we can kind of show off that you know maybe maybe uh it's not all the way there yet uh let me turn this music down a little so I can hear myself think but hopefully everybody's having a wonderful Saturday uh and you're ready to laugh at some of the things that this thing has given me we're going to be checking out clap uh which is an AI shorts generator and then we're going to move over to powder which um the thing that kind of revived this project was powder oh God why why is everything lagging oh no I I don't know why it's lagging on my end oh that's weird is it fine again let me try turning some stuff off wow that's really weird that my encoder was lagging so hard um but yeah so powder is another one of these uh kind of you know take your streams turn them into shor
[...middle cut...]
you are in Mexico and you're going to furan I'm going to try my best to get there I'm going to try to get to jof and furry joa in Korea and um we'll figure it out from there maybe we'll do Euro ference euro ference is a big maybe on my list of things I would like to do um but we'll figure it out we're playing it by ear right now um so hopefully you'll enjoy the newer stuff that's going to kind of happen on this channel as well and uh for anywhere that you are in the world I hope you have a good night and sorry that this stream was a little short and disappointing we'll do more editing streams this week to make up for it um really wish this was better all right I'll see everybody um next time

=== ID: TX9imhMujxs ===
TITLE: Most AI Tech is Garbage | These 4 Actually Work!
DESC: Most AI Tech is Garbage. These 4 Actually Work! I Wasted $1,430 on AI Gadgets So You Don't Have To!   Are "revolutionary" AI gadgets in 2025 actually brilliant, or are they just dangerous, expensive distractions? I spent $1,400 and 30 days testing 12 of the most-hyped AI gadgets to find the truth.  The global AI gadget market is a $50 billion minefield. After a so-called "smart" device failed me during my most important client call of the year, I went on a mission to see what's real and what's j
KEYWORD: AI garbage
VIEWS: 3077
TRANSCRIPT: 3 weeks ago, my most important client call of the year died at the 47 minute mark. Not because my phone crashed, not because the internet cut out, but because the AI gadget I trusted to record everything just stopped working. I lost 47 minutes of critical feedback, budget approvals, and next steps. That moment cost me 16 hours of recovery work and nearly cost me the client. That's when I realized something nobody in tech wants to admit. We're drowning in AI gadgets that promise to change our lives, but most of them are just expensive distractions wrapped in sleek marketing. The global AI gadget market hit $50 billion this year, and companies are racing to sell you the next revolutionary device. But here's the uncomfortable truth I discovered after spending $1,400 in 30 days testing these products. Most of them solve problems you don't actually have. So, I did something crazy. I tested 12 of the most hyped AI gadgets from 2024. I wore them to meetings, took them on trips, used them at home with my family, and pushed every single one to its breaking point. Some changed how I work. Some impressed me in unexpected ways. And two of them, they're so problematic, I genuinely question how they made it to market. But here's the promise I'm making you right now. By the end of this video, you'll know exactly which devices deserve your money and which ones belong in the e-waste bin. Before we dive in, hit that subscribe button because I'm testing new AI tech every single week and I'll sa
[...middle cut...]
 until these products mature or better alternatives emerge. If you're going to invest in AI gadgets this year, start with your biggest pain point. Forgetting important details? Get the plaud. Struggling with international communication? Time kettle. Want health tracking without subscriptions? Ringcon. Buy the device that solves your specific problem, not the one with the flashiest marketing. I've put links to all the devices I actually recommend in the description below. And if you want to see how I'm using these gadgets to build a completely intelligent smart home setup, that video is coming next week. Hit subscribe so you don't miss it. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one.

=== ID: Dego1AGqCGk ===
TITLE: Vibecoded Garbage - Clera
DESC: My review of Clera, a company that is claiming to be solving the issue of the hiring process. Includes a deep dive of their UI, my thoughts on what they are trying to resolve along with other her concerns. Keep in mind that this company is a **3 million dollar pre-seed**.  Unbelievable.  Local First AI believes in empowering people with the correct education about AI and running local AI inference. Stop the slop - let's actually build.  local1stai.xyz  Read my 2026 hire disconnect case study:
KEYWORD: AI garbage
VIEWS: 0
TRANSCRIPT: Good morning everyone. My name is Cynthia and today we are going to explore the one company that is solving the issue of being repeatedly gaslighted and ghosted on websites like Indeed. This company has done Okay. No, I can't. I can't right now. Hi. Hopefully you guys are enjoying the weekend. Um before we begin the roasting um for anyone that didn't see the last video, I had published a case study on my experience on trying to get a job via legacy plat platform such as Indeed and it's on the website. You can easily access it via the website desktop version or mobile version and read it and you can also read the goodbye system. It's basically me going f this [ __ ] come out um when it comes to the hiring practices of the current system. So now let's go to this website. And you're probably thinking, "Oh my god, what girl? What are you doing?" Yeah, what am I doing indeed? Well, we're going to have to start from the beginning. So once upon a freaking time around 7 to 8 hours ago I have found and h I'll have to go ahead and go under my jobs applied and then go to this. I was snooping around Indeed when this listing popped up in my feed and I'm like, "Oh, founding engineer 3 million preede. That's that's a lot of money, right?" And so, you know, I started to read the description. It says, "We're building the future of recruiting with AI and we need an exceptional obsessional engineer to join our founding team and our San Francisco hacker house. We just raised a 3 million precede 
[...middle cut...]
at it's supposed to be, you're more than welcome to talk to me. But if your ego is going to be bruised, do not waste your time and decline my application if your AI even even allows my application to to pass through. Um because I I'm pretty sure you're using chat GPT or Claude or probably even Gemini in a [ __ ] shitty dress that's um sitting there and pulling out keywords which is the exact same [ __ ] problem that Indeed has. You are literally literally using keyword matching and extracting which is no different from Indeed. [ __ ] BS. Prove me wrong. Anyways guys, I hope you have a lovely Saturday. Consider this my therapy session. Take care and stay safe and do not fall for this garbage.

=== ID: FGFO-EvGVRw ===
TITLE: Useless AI Trash
DESC: Starforge PC https://starforgepc.com/moist-yt Get Goof Juice and use code MOIST https://gamersupps.gg/moist Our soap https://usecheeky.com/#starter-pack-offer Gaming channel https://www.youtube.com/@MoistCr1TiKaLGamingOfficial This is the greatest razer tube of All Time
KEYWORD: AI garbage
VIEWS: 1707180
TRANSCRIPT: AI 
 everything. 
 circumstances 
 into 
 to 
 telling 
 "Charles, 
 for 
 spaghetti 
 on 
 something 
 food. 
 Millions 
 useless 
 because 
 has 
 company 
 learned 
 tube. 
 that 
 blow 
 the 
 it's 
 trash. 
 standpoint, 
 that 
 anything 
 here. 
 everything 
 It 
 bit 
 new 
 Project 
 Is 
 Like 
 Let's 
 Project 
 has 
 Whoopee. 
 Wow. 
 For 
 to 
 For 
 Ava 
 co-pilot, 
 essentially 
 you. 
 While 
 here 
 life 
 commentary 
 screen 
 coaching 
 There's 
 the 
 You 
 Maybe 
 change 
 Wakey 
 Morning, 
 Definitely 
 green 
 Look, 
 the 
 life, 
 My 
 who 
 kind 
 It 
 forever 
 I 
 Hold 
 air 
 >> Woah, 
 Maybe 
 line 
 >> Yeah, 
 [ __ ] 
 insulting 
 Legends 
 what 
 Thank 
 mid-range. 
 GG. 
 Ready 
 This 
 companion. 
 Oh. 
 I 
 AI 
 missed 
 Have 
 minion? 
 lane. 
 AI 
 True. 
 It 
 here, 
 installed 
 How 
 you're 
 And 
 offer 
 you 
 mid-range?" 
 It 
 Why 
 spying 
 do 
 It 
 sound 
 It's 
 brother. 
 It's 
 you 
 Bringing 
 can 
 Oh 
 That's 
 Bring 
 she 
 That'd 
 Have 
 patent 
 when 
 Sony 
 games 
 stuck. 
 assistance 
 can't 
 As 
 player 
 generated 
 character, 
 the 
 level 
 Originally 
 Intellectual 
 published 
 on 
 a 
 Uncharted 
 stop 
 that's 
 guide 
 controlled 
 the 
 themselves. 
 The 
 the 
 I 
 [ __ ] 
 it. 
 Just 
 a 
 Look 
 Grow 
 Oh 
 resources 
 Oh 
 reality. 
 Oh 
 Holy 
 appreciating 
 We 
 So 
 it 
 four, 
 eight. 
 And 
 I 
 Well, 
 Also 
 AI 
 mind 
 reveals 
 your 
 [laughter] 
 Great 
 positives, 
 HyperX 
 collaboration 
 AI
[...middle cut...]

 backseat 
 Offering 
 tried 
 Sounds 
 You 
 a 
 I 
 heart 
 are 
 being 
 socialization 
 screen. 
 human 
 I 
 A 
 Which 
 disconnecting 
 bucking 
 your 
 think 
 and 
 connections 
 socialize 
 You 
 Was 
 tubes 
 I 
 while. 
 his 
 Ironically, 
 hologram 
 called 
 specifically 
 Surely 
 people. 
 That's 
 To 
 Hence 
 Oh 
 And 
 I 
 like 
 doesn't 
 Lepro 
 openly 
 but 
 There 
 was 
 felt 
 to 
 Even 
 Very 
 unconvinced 
 friend 
 That's 
 find 
 And 
 years 
 living 
 dreams. 
 That's 
 Wasn't 
 There's 
 there's 
 Joaquin 
 The 
 in 
 of 
 What 
 now. 
 years 
 Yeah, 
 He 
 He 
 And 
 else 
 Didn't 
 maintenance? 
 Yeah, 
 story 
 like 
 But 
 her 
 So 
 while. 
 The 
 actually

=== ID: uj48OLVFufc ===
TITLE: AI in Hiring: Reducing Bias or Making It Worse?
DESC: Websites mentioned in this video. THE HUSTLE NEWSLETTER   https://thehustle.co/?ref=ddaf39ec3a  ONLINE AUCTION U   http://www.onlineauctionu.com
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 26
TRANSCRIPT: the following video was compiled from an article from the hustle newsletter which we highly recommend the newsletter is free and the link is in the description of this video could artificial intelligence with its promise of efficiency and objectivity actually be clouding the hiring process with bias and discrimination consider this a multinational corporation decided to adopt artificial intelligence to streamline its hiring process the AI was trained using data from the company's previous hires a seemingly logical approach however this data was intrinsically biased as the company had historically hired more men than women as a result the AI began to favor male candidates perpetuating a cycle of gender discrimination in another case a tech giant used AI to sift through resumes looking for keywords that would identify the best candidates the AI was programmed to favor applicants who had specific language in their resumes language that was more commonly used by younger techsavvy candidates this led to a pattern of age discrimination as older candidates were unfairly overlooked or take the incident involving a Healthcare company they used AI to screen candidates for physical ability as part of the hiring process for a physically demanding role the AI was programmed to favor candidates who could perform certain physical tasks inadvertently discriminating against disabled candidates who could perform the job with reasonable accommodations each of these incidents highlights a critic
[...middle cut...]
 including hiring we must ensure that this technology promotes fairness not perpetuates bias because at the end of the day every candidate deserves a fair shot and every hiring process should be free from discrimination if you are tired of the corporate Rat Race layoffs downsizing and working with incompetent bosses why not consider starting a side gig from your home that will allow you to eventually get out of the corporate Rat Race there are multiple ways to earn full-time incomes from home you can learn more at online auction.com that website again is online auction.com much success and we hope you find a side gig business that gets you excited about breaking out of the corporate rat race

=== ID: ro9FGJjBuPU ===
TITLE: AI Is Making Everyone's Ads Worse (And We Know Why)
DESC: DTC is in a weird place right now. Every founder, CMO, and operator we talk to is in panic mode — and after analyzing 572 sales calls, the data backs it up. We're back from a 3-month break to break down the three "storms" reshaping the industry: Meta's algorithm quietly flipping the paid ads playbook upside down, an AI-fueled brand identity crisis draining trust faster than anyone expected, and something we're calling "AI gentrification" — and why it might be the most dangerous shift of all.  No
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 6
TRANSCRIPT: Welcome back to Brain Driven Brands episode 129. After after a short break, we are back. We are back. I have gotten so many messages over the course of the last like 6 months. It's like when do you guys bring it back? We miss you. You weren't off for six months. Were you? That's true. We were off for only three. I said six. I meant three. Three months. Which I just talked to some of like my really good girlfriends in the industry and they're like, "We just kind of miss you and Nate shoot the shit." And one of them asked me, "Was there beef?" Like, "Did you and Nate have so funny?" And I was like, "No." Yeah. We just got burned out, guys. That's We should have We should have faked beef for engagement. [ __ ] If we were better content creators. Damn it. Why didn't we think of that? We should have faked the beef. Especially on Twitter. We would have been like, "Free different brands can't come back till Nate changes his tune." Yep. That would have been smart, but I was too tired to think of that. So, no beef. No beef, just busy. No beef, just busy. Yes. Okay, so that's what I want to talk about just like straight out the gate. What did you end up doing in the last three months? Like let's catch up. What were you up to? What did you work on? Let's see. Uh full-time job at Adapt, scaled acquisition by 27% at a better CAC. No big deal. Uh while, by the way, while firing three agencies, and building an in-house team, working on my own brand. I've got a got a big inventory order land
[...middle cut...]
o be ethical, a moral brand that has to compete in this ridiculous weirdness that we just entered into, keep listening cuz I have a feeling you and I are going to dissect this to death until we figure it out. So, feels so good to be back doing Brain Driven Brands. We'll see you guys next time. Thank you so much for joining us on the show today. Appreciate you guys listening. If you want to follow me, I'm Sarah Levenger. um anywhere you consume content. He is Nate Lagos. If you like this show and if you like this episode, go ahead and like, subscribe, share with a friend, drop us a review when you have a minute. We would appreciate it. Um otherwise, have a great week. We'll see you next time.

=== ID: HcwQgGkjJqs ===
TITLE: This AI Discord Scam that's making Scamming Worse!
DESC: There's a G2A scam that is being spread across Discord with the help of AI chatbots. Like the chatbots are actually scamming people.  These Discord AI scam bot accounts will reply to messages in your conversations as "naturally" as possible. All while promoting some garbage scam that will steal your money. In this case, it's a g2a scam promising free games by abusing a "timezone method".  Now is this Discord scam the start of a really bad wave of scamming with AI bots, or is it just another thin
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 378324
TRANSCRIPT: ladies and fboys today I got some bad news scammers are now using AI to make scamming worse now worse as in scamming more people or worse as in the scams are now unbelievable garbage well I'm not telling you but these AI chat Bots led me to investigate a scam that a bunch of people are doing to steal thousands of dollars from innocent people on Discord eirl servers devastating and I know a little trick to get these AI chat Bots banned off Discord permanently now before all that seriousness happens a viewer of mine actually sent me a DM talking about a weird Discord user that chats a little bit differently than a a mentally normal person now they have a fboy profile picture so nothing out of the ordinary so far but their messages are a little bit weird yo what's up in the suffer # invite server with 289 members just chilling here ready to make some new friends how's everyone doing we're not friends anymore oh man Ren what happened did I accidentally steal your last slice of pizza or something let's talk it out buddy we can't let a little bump in our road ruin our friendship right this could be someone who is socially inep that they made a YouTube channel called No Texas speech in Hope of making videos to help improve their social skills or this could be an AI bot and it turns out to figure out the answer all you need to do is go to their profile and my what a surprise but it turns out this is a scammer because in their bio it says how I got $1,000 worth of gift cards for free 
[...middle cut...]
allet address and this one hey received 0 that's good however like I showed you there is someone who got $95,000 from this and if people are falling for this scam now and the scammers are making thousands of dollars it's a bit worrying how things will be in the future if AI starts to become unrecognizable so again no matter how friendly the potential Amish person that's dming you on Discord is acting uh don't trust them with their g2a scam or whatever nonsense they're trying to Pander off to you if you want to have a weird and awkward conversation just talk to to someone from Jehovah's Witness and when he eventually gets weirded out and walks away from your door make sure to say I love you m

=== ID: 7qPh6iiF1_s ===
TITLE: YouTube AI Age Verification is getting ridiculous...
DESC: YouTube AI Age Verification is getting ridiculous...  YouTube's AI Age Verification has been around for over 3 months, and today, you and I are going to take a look at 10 year old accounts being asked to verify themselves, the methods people are using to bypass the age verification, and how YouTube responded to the backlash.    Chapters  0:00 - 3:38 The Backlash 3:39 - 6:43 Bypassing The Verification 6:44 - 8:08 YouTube Responds 8:09 - 10:10 Age Verification in the UK 10:11 - 13:22 Is AI good or
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 94489
TRANSCRIPT: YouTube's AI age verification seems to be causing chaos for users of this website. So, today you and I are going to be taking a look at 10-year-old YouTube accounts that are being asked to verify themselves, the creative ways people are getting around the dreaded age verification, and how YouTube as a company has responded to everyone complaining. Before we get into the meat of this, let's very quickly familiarize ourselves with the background of AI age verification on YouTube and go back to July of this year when YouTube made a post to their official blog announcing that as of August 13th, they would be using AI to determine whether a user is over 18 or not in order to quote help provide the best and most age appropriate experiences and protections. Now, YouTube has actually had age verification around before this. I remember a few years ago, YouTube asked me to submit ID because they weren't sure how old I was for some reason. I think it was probably after all of the copper stuff kicked off and then I had to verify myself again when this channel got monetized. And once again, I had to submit my ID. And that was also way before August 2025. That was around August 2024, in fact. But anyway, this blog post marked the introduction of the biggest and most official phase of age verification on the platform. And to the surprise of absolutely no one, the decision to introduce this was received terribly by the internet, especially YouTube users who didn't particularly want to share 
[...middle cut...]
ed again, especially for $170 million like the first time. And to avoid that happening, I would make sure that the website follows government rules to a tea, with one of those rules being age verification. But I don't know, man. It is all just a bit depressing in the end, especially when you think back to how things used to be and the motto of broadcast yourself. It does make you think about how much things have changed and not necessarily for the better. Let me know your thoughts on YouTube's AI age verification in the comments. Thank you very much for watching and thank you all very much for 50,000 subscribers. I'm actually over the moon right now. Thanks everyone. I'll see you again soon.

=== ID: N-b_N6VMz84 ===
TITLE: Laughing At TERRIBLE AI Music (Suno V4)
DESC: apologies to all my Italian viewers. love you guys :)  subscribe to @Lazer_Chains!!!  Songs generated with Suno & Mureka. Videos generated with Pika & Hailuo. Images generated with Ideogram  become a member maybeee :3 ► https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCY-PrcA-mjq3OhgsAH9C52A/join  Subscribe to the 2nd channel ►  https://www.youtube.com/@dandingled  Thank you to all of my 115,497 subscribers! 😎  -  CHAPTERS:  0:00 Intro 0:25 Song 1 - King Charles Hates Mayo 5:53 Song 2 - Stepping On LEGO 11:58 S
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 764287
TRANSCRIPT: Open up the fridge. Where is my sandwich? Who's the Today? Me and my buddy wrote raps about very silly complaints and then put them into AI to see if it can turn even the most mundane lyrics into straight fire. [Music] We're going to be starting with my rap from the perspective of the King of England. Yeah. Oh my god, that's that guy. Okay. So, a little talky bit. Hello, King Charles III on the track in it. What's that, DJ? Start the track. Spin it. Oh, that rhymed. Yeah, like a rap. I'm a king motherucker. Bow down to me. My cash be growing like a money tree. A life so hard, harder than my wood. Live a day in my shoes. I don't think you could. Bang bang. Did he shoot someone? Walking down the stairs of my mofo palace. Buckingham. Trip over now. I'm feeling some malice. Last stair was higher than the other. Almost went and met my mother. RIP. Get it? Cuz she's No. Yeah, I get it. I'm being respectful. Just wanted to get some me ao mayonnaise. I love all the clarification. Speaking of which, don't you hate it, [ __ ] When you squirt that good and it sounds like squirting mayonnaise and it sounds like a fart. Squirting mayonnaise and it sounds like a fart. Get chorus in time. Call me a king. I'mma make you my queen. Touch my crown and I'll make you scream in a good way. And then he says, "All my homies hate Mayo." And that's it. You were doing that and for the good majority of it, I was like, "Wait, what's the point?" Like, what? Oh, wow. Thanks, man. Well, hey, good job, pal. 
[...middle cut...]
. No, my guys kind of slow, but I like it. Double speed this. It'll sound fine. [Music] Let's put that through again on the other one. What if we put rap god in? Pop off. Pop off. Yeah. Holy share with my soul. The fridge is empty. My rage out of control. Step in the jelly on my mind. But the cop just as blind. What do you think about this one? No. In conclusion, we'll be able to make these mundane lyrics into absolute bops. Ooh, I'm going to have to have a hard pass on that question. No, you don't get to pass. Throwing it over to you. If you pass, the movie never ends. Oh, I've thrown it. There it is. I just threw it back. Oh, but I dodged it and it's on the floor. Oh, it's smashed. [Music]

=== ID: M1NKLPCGpYE ===
TITLE: We Tested The Worst AI Chatbot Apps
DESC: We tested the most cursed, scam, low rated, illegal,  AI Chatbots Mobile Apps as we could find on the app store. It's kind of like character AI but like much funnier. This is basically 2 idiots laughing at AI chatbots for 11 minutes. We really tried to find the worst, lowest rated ai chatbot apps possible.  Follow us on stuff: -JOIN OUR DISCORD: https://discord.gg/43b99xsKPZ -Insta: https://www.instagram.com/twoscuffed/ -Twitter: https://twitter.com/TwoScuffed -Threads (Chris loves Threads): htt
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 2883745
TRANSCRIPT: all right so listen today we may have done something sort of questionable we went and downloaded as many terrible suspicious waterline illegal looking AI chat Bots as we could oh we keep swiping to like find people to talk to it's let me know just let me know when dude dude you're going so fast 500 guys brothers friends B hey guys uhoh all the guys go quiet what the what the hell why are you all nak get in bed it's not what it looks like don't jump out the window jumps out the window he's gone [ __ ] he's dead damn how many guys are there five including me before or after he died after next please don't make me jump [ __ ] Fine next in line no no wait braxon see you later Brax three left left next in line me I guess okay bye okay who's next up me shoot that guy one left just be like not you ay it's okay little guy thank you no no no no wait wait stop don't do it God well so you're the sister wait who's in the room who's in theing room who is speaking just a voice me everybody conerts nods should I jump shakes head jumps okay bye wait no come back comes back comes back hugs you wait I'm going to push my conscience out the window that's it pushes you out the window okay my turn you die upon impact the end ouch the end that was good this is a good app dud I like this one so this next app Drew Us in with its claim that you could create your own AI chatbot however after a few moments it became very clear that this app was created for nefarious Deeds my big step brother Zach howeve
[...middle cut...]
s dead he's more committed to the ghost bit than he was to being a police officer you're right I'm turning the tides on him slowly pulls out proton pack backs away from you you're done please don't shoot me I'm bringing it back I'll give you one final time to sub to two scuffed before I lock you in ghost never well we tried shoot you with the proton pack the end no what do you mean no bad ending I want a good ending then sub to two scuffed fine yes yes Subs yeah baby [Music] yes welcome back to comment of the week woo this comment uh I mean this week's comment is please can you cut out or remove the swearing apart from that I really liked this do you have any friends no Among Us is my friend

=== ID: Ei8LP05-644 ===
TITLE: You're Being LIED to... and AI makes it worse.
DESC: Every day, you're bombarded with information designed to deceive. This video exposes the shocking truth: you've been lied to, and it's time to fight back against the tidal wave of misinformation and fake news. Learn critical thinking skills to spot twisted facts, cherry-picked data, and AI-generated lies, ensuring you never fall victim again!  This video will help you understand why you fall for lies and the impact of confirmation bias in reinforcing false beliefs.  Develop your media literacy a
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 45
TRANSCRIPT: That’s right… if you’re watching 
this video, you’ve been lied to.  And guess what? It’s going to happen again.
Because every single day, you’re exposed   to information that’s been twisted, 
cherry-picked, or flat-out fabricated…   and most people never realize it.
So today, I’m going to show you how to   spot those lies, why we fall for them, and how you 
can stop getting played. Whether it’s in the news,   online posts, or even “research-backed” claims.
If you’ve seen the news lately,   you’ve probably noticed that almost every 
headline seems to include a stat or a study:  “New study shows coffee 
increases lifespan by 40%!”  “Experts say your phone is making you dumber!”
“Poll reveals that 80% of people agree   with THIS political view.”
Sounds convincing, right?  But here’s the problem — a lot of those 
“stats” are completely unreliable.  In fact, a 2022 study from the University 
of Washington found that over 60% of   viral statistics online were missing 
context or cited no source at all.  And when sources were checked, many came 
from misinterpreted surveys, biased samples,   or old data recycled to sound new.
And to prove my point...  That “University of Washington” 
study I just mentioned?  Yeah, I completely made that up.
That’s how easy it is to sound official online.  Use confident language, throw in a fake stat, 
maybe a made-up source? Instant credibility.  This trick is everywhere.
Marketers do it to make   products seem more effective.
News outlets do it to 
[...middle cut...]
e data sounds vague, or if 
the graph looks too perfect, don’t trust it.  Tools like Google Fact Check Explorer, Snopes, 
or NewsGuard can help verify claims fast.  Step 3: Understand the incentive.
Ask yourself: Who benefits from me believing this?  If it leads to outrage, clicks, 
or sales... there’s your answer.  The truth is — misinformation isn’t new.
But the speed, scale, and believability of it is.  In the age of AI, facts are fragile.
And if you don’t learn to question   what you see, someone else 
will control what you believe.  So yeah, you’ve been lied to.
But now?  You know how to see through it.
And if you learned something today — don’t   just share this video.
Share the truth.

=== ID: HpWCvItr55c ===
TITLE: McDonald’s Pulls ‘Creepy’ AI Christmas ad After Viewer Backlash: ‘As Real as Their Hamburgers’
DESC: McDonald’s has taken down a Christmas ad that was allegedly entirely produced with artificial intelligence after the brand was slammed with an onslaught of backlash from unhappy customers. The 45-second advertisement from McDonald’s Netherlands was first posted on their YouTube channel on December 6th–  and was removed just a few days later on December ninth following the outcry online.  In the video, AI-generated people are constantly experiencing strokes of bad luck, with chaotic family dinner
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 116840
TRANSCRIPT: Viewers were not loving it. McDonald's has taken down a Christmas ad that was allegedly entirely produced with artificial intelligence after the brand was slammed with an onslaught of backlash from unhappy customers. The 45second advertisement for McDonald's Netherlands was first posted on their YouTube channel on December 6th and was removed just a few days later on December 9th following the outcry online. In the video, AI generated people are constantly experiencing strokes of bad [music] luck with chaotic family dinners, shopping wos, burnt cookies, failed Christmas [music] tree decorating, and so on. McDonald's unveiled what has to be the most god- aful ad I've seen this year, one user wrote [music] on X. The ad is set to a song to the tune of It's the most wonderful time of the year, but the madeup lyrics are the song's antidote, calling the holiday season the most terrible time of the year. It's the most terrible time of [music] the year. The commercial ends by telling viewers to hide out in McDonald's [music] until January's here. and hide out in McDonald's till January. [music] [bell] After the harsh criticism, McDonald's initially [music] turned off comments on the YouTube video before removing it completely. McDonald's Netherlands told the BBC that the video was meant to reflect [music] the stressful moments that can occur during the holidays. But it was an important learning moment as [music] the company explored the effective use of AI. Though it's been removed f
[...middle cut...]
 intense weeks for humans to create, admitting [music] that the man-hour poured into this film were more than a traditional production. Melanie Bridge, CEO of The Sweet Shop, the studio's parent company, [music] shared a similar sentiment on Instagram, saying that the hours that went into this job far exceeded a traditional shoot. McDonald's isn't the only company that's recently [music] faced backlash for AI generated ads. Coca-Cola's holidays are coming campaign featured two AI generated commercials. Italian fashion house Valentino [music] was also slammed after unveiling an advertisement featuring artificial intelligence with trends [music] setters trashing the release as cheap and tacky.

=== ID: K6lyZ6_bSUY ===
TITLE: The Finn McKenty SLOP GRIFT got WORSE
DESC: PunkRockMBA(I)  please don't send hate his way. Keep discussion in this comment section. Thank you :)   @TheArtOfSlop - INFLUENCER ENEMIES  #drama #ai   ►READ MY COMIC https://www.moshman.bigcartel.com   ►Join this channel to get access to perks: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCu1ZtYHCuPcEuksSQ5yPuAA/join                                    Channel ► https://www.youtube.com/user/danframpt0n Instagram ► https://instagram.com/danframpt0n Twitter ► https://twitter.com/danframpt0n
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 2902
TRANSCRIPT: Ladies, ladies, ladies, how's it going? How's it going? Hope you're doing good. Hope
you're doing well. Me? I'm doing fine because I'm situated. Or I love to be sat. I'm sitting in front of the Hall of Lame. Otherwise known as my rogues Gallery. And I have some more enemies content
to make today. Because this Finn McKenzie guy,
he is back on the internet and he keeps making content. And if this guy is going to be making
content, well, that means I have a job as the internet's most ruthless
gatekeeper to come in and tear it down. Finn McKenzie used to run the channel
punk rock NBA. Now it's more like punk rock NBA,
I am I right? So before we get into Finn
McKenzie's new piece of eye content, I just want to
thank you so much for being here. And if you haven't subscribed yet
to the channel, it would be great if you did it. We're so close to 25,000 subscribers
here on the channel. That's a number
bigger than I can even count to. So if you haven't subscribed yet and I'm still coming up
in your recommended, you're still watching the fucking videos,
but you haven't quite made the fucking commitment yet
to hit that subscribe button. Well Bucky, today's the day to do it. Go down there, hit subscribe. Hit like throw me some high points
if you want. I'm not even sure what they do,
but I love the word hype and these videos are hype,
so fill them with high points. Okay, so if it's your first time
on the channel, I have what I call oh one second. I got to go
full screen with my rogues gall
[...middle cut...]
The Art of slop. And between this channel
and that channel, my God, this rogues gallery
is going to be the size of the universe. Oh, yeah. And you're going to want to ring the bell
because also Joe Rogan and Russell Brand, those videos are definitely coming down
the pipeline here really soon. But thank you so much
for watching this video. I think what I might do in order to beef out the fin content is start
reacting to his old videos. So there might be some punk
rock NBA reviews coming soon. And I think that sounds like a lot of fun
to do since they're like, a bunch of years old now. So let's get me to 25 K people. 25 K like, comment, subscribe. Okay, goodbye.
See you later. Have a good one.

=== ID: PF3CUFjpk54 ===
TITLE: Dumb Comments On Obviously Fake AI Slop Videos 💔
DESC: 🎥 *WATCH THE OG:* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfH59JkoI7Y 💬 *JOIN THE DISCORD SERVER:* https://www.discord.gg/hMQ7m4mhHT 💸 *I'M HIRING YOUTUBE EDITORS:* https://forms.gle/iifrsjRadj9hor7d8 🟣 *I’M LIVE ON TWITCH:* https://www.twitch.tv/elevenz  👇 *MY OFFICIAL SOCIALS* 👇 https://www.instagram.com/elevenz_ttv/ https://www.snapchat.com/add/elevenz_ttv https://www.twitter.com/elevenzTV https://www.tiktok.com/@elevenz.gg https://www.youtube.com/@elevenzTV  https://www.youtube.com/@7-ElevenZ https:
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 752255
TRANSCRIPT: Yesterday, my grandma sent me a video of a dog doing a backflip off the Empire State Building while hitting a 360 nocope, which somehow blew up the Second Twin Tower and asked me, "Is this what you do in your little gaming YouTube videos?" And so I blocked her number and replaced her phone with a Nokia brick instead. Anyways, apparently she's not the only person who thinks AI generated videos are real. Stupid AI slob comments by Gio. Oh my god, that is one ugly cat. No offense to the cat. Oh my gosh, what breed of cat is that? That looks so strange. Well, I hate to break it to you, Shannon Johnson, but the reason why that cat looks a bit strange is because that cat doesn't exist. But I guarantee Shannon secretly goes to that cat. She's asking what breed of cat it is, not so that she can avoid it, but because she wants to buy that breed of cat and potentially make the first human cat hybrid, if you know what I'm saying. What is going on with that cat? It looks so old and grumpy while it's taking a bath. I have to tell my husband about this. And your husband is going to tell you you're an idiot. You're an absolute idiot. Angelo, you're a freaking idiot. Oh my. What breed of cat is this? Looks very strange. Bro, forget about the breed of cat. It looks like your hair needs some more breeding. You need to breed your hair even more. You're going bald, Elizabeth. No offense, of course. No offense, but bro, like maybe get like a a nonface profile picture. Maybe use some sort of like 
[...middle cut...]
eal video? But to be fair, it could technically be a real video. Like, all you need is some random overweight guy. Give him some glasses, give him a chopped haircut, some white shirt, and some green pants. Was he in Family Guy? Oh my god, the people that don't know this is real. It's AI. Oh my god, he's real. YouTube is free. Dot dot dot. Been watching him for over 5 years. Man who looks like Peter Griffin. Real name Rob Fendy. There is absolutely no way this person thinks this is real. She's delusional and she she keeps trying to convince herself. She's even replying to her own comment. She's been watching him for over 5 years. Bro, that's when you know this person might have schizophrenia.

=== ID: _ncGSCN7fR0 ===
TITLE: I Tried Recreating AI Cakes!
DESC: Anyone else sick of AI images of cakes and other art taking over the internet? ► Subscribe: https://www.youtube.com/@RosannaPansino?sub_confirmation=1 ► FOLLOW My New Podcast: https://www.youtube.com/@rodiculous?sub_confirmation=1  I'm On Cameo: https://www.cameo.com/rosannapansino?srsltid=AfmBOopumxeEiR0rT3Exa2IffbbfICzb2Mwk3iLo5a2U_Th5APL29PDr  FOLLOW ME HERE: Instagram: http://instagram.com/rosannapansino Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/RosannaPansino Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/rosanna
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 1591955
TRANSCRIPT: Hey guys, it's Ro. AI cakes are seriously out of control. I don't know about you guys, but my feed is flooded with AI cakes, and it can be frustrating because I like watching bakers to see what they're actually making. So, I'm like, is this a real cake or an AI cake? I get so confused. I recently made a video of bakeries attempting to recreate AI cake designs, and I got so many requests from you all. You wanted me to attempt this, so that's exactly what we're going to be doing today. I'm going to be attempting to recreate some AI cake designs ranging from easy to impossible. So, my team found a bunch of AI cakes that were 70s themed. So, I dress the part. Now, let's get started. Or is that 60s? I don't know. First cake is easy level difficulty. So, let's see what they've got. It's tie-dye far out. I definitely know how to make the actual cake layers tie dyed by coloring the batter. I've done that before. It's a really cool technique, so I can't wait to do it. I'm going to recreate the colors that they used. That looks pretty simple. And then to get this tie- dye technique, it looks like a mirror glaze, but that's not really possible. You could do the top, but the sides that'd be a little tricky. So, I think I'm going to use a buttercream transfer method. We're going to be using a Swiss buttercream because then the icing won't set. One of the reasons I love Swiss buttercream. Well, one of the many reasons I love Swiss buttercream. It's honestly my favorite. I like that the eas
[...middle cut...]
ont of me from the easy to impossible AI cakes to create. I hope you guys enjoyed them. Don't forget to rate each of my cakes one to five stars of how I did recreating them. Also, let me know which one is your favorite. Is it the tie-dye cake, this cute little lampshade cupcake, the V-Dub bus, or the lava lamp cake? After taking the time myself to recreate some AI design cakes, I really sympathize with the bakers and bakeries out there if they get any images from AI to design because it is not easy and some of them are incredibly difficult. If you'd like to watch any other videos, you can click up here or up here. And if you like these baking videos, don't forget to give it a thumbs up. Bye.

=== ID: qbEA8Vjmg58 ===
TITLE: On Slow AI: Making Our Own AIs
DESC: What if we didn't wait for Silicon Valley to build the AI we need? What if communities could make their own alternatives? 🛠️  This video explores grassroots AI-making – small models and community-driven approaches – and shows what becomes possible when we reclaim technology and prototype the futures we actually want bottom-up rather than imposed top-down.  🎞️ CREDIT ROLL  → Recorded at the AIxDESIGN Festival: On Slow AI in May 2025 (https://aixdesign.co/festival) → Video by Steven Elbers (http:/
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 27
TRANSCRIPT: Imagine you want to make a table, right? And you need wood, you need [music] tools to cut the wood, you need screws, you need a set of tools and a set of also knowledge to make a table. [music] With technology is a little different in the sense that if you want to make a language model, you rely on rental services. [music] It's as if I have to only rent tables from now on. I think unfortunately the internet structures that we've [music] built over time have been reflective of the current power structures that exist and in the pre- [music] techbt world a lot of the projects were like AI and creativity and you had these [music] artists who were able to understand who were like either learning the programming language Python that's why I I work with radically small technologies because [music] of the same reason of trying to make it autonomous. Code is not just a tool for me but it becomes a material to play with [music] and and and when I play with it I also investigate its inner mechanism. DIY is a beautiful term and uh I also [music] prefer DIWO which is do it with others by gathering together [music] and learning uh actually what is behind this big blackboxy [music] technology of AI all happens when it's a tool that we can reclaim as people creatives coming together [music] and deciding of new designs of how technology should be which are designs that are not [music] service- based they're not exploitative uh but they're normally based on values of autonomy, values of sufficiency rather than efficiency. Once people begin to learn about the history and the opportunities and the creative ways [music] that we can build in slower and more localized ways, everyone's already on board at that point hopefully. And you don't [music] need to be a programmer for that. If you have a computer, you're always already a programmer.

=== ID: jcB6JWmML1Y ===
TITLE: French authorities probe X chatbot Grok over AI-generated nude images • FRANCE 24 English
DESC: The controversial X chatbot Grok has come under renewed scrutiny over its use of generative AI to create images that digitally remove clothing from young women and girls, as well as some men. French government ministers have reported the material to prosecutors and to the media regulator ARCOM, which will assess whether the content breaches the European Union’s Digital Services Act, as journalists from France 2 and Simon Mortiz investigate the issue further. #France #Grok #nudity  🔔 Subscribe to
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 85994
TRANSCRIPT: When she posted her holiday outfit on X, this young woman did not think that she would end up naked on the internet. For the past few days, users have been asking Grock, X's generative AI chatbot, to undress women and sometimes even minors without their consent. For Mar, this was a violation of privacy. It's really upsetting to see this. You wonder, why would anyone do that? When do you decide to do that to people you don't even know on social media? I think there have been about 30 cases. It hurts to see yourself like that. It's not my body, but it looks similar. And then people can reuse the image anywhere. That's the issue. She reported it to the platform, but some images of her naked are still online. Instances of free and accessible AI that are stripping women and men of their clothing are on the rise. Here, a user asks the chatbot to put this young woman in a bikini. Victims have been advised to immediately report illegal content on the platform as well as two authorities. For their part, ministers and members of parliament have also reacted. Outraged by requests made to Grock AI to strip girls and women, while the image is artificial, the harm is very real. The courts must examine ex's criminal liability. This is something new because there is no juristp prudence in France on this issue yet. So, it's excellent that the courts are taking up the case. Another victim has launched an online petition calling for greater regulation of generative AI. The US Federal Communications Commission did not immediately respond for comment while the Federal Trade Commission declined to comment. For its part, an XAI representative responded, "Legacy Media Lives.

=== ID: dQpRTl-SaHA ===
TITLE: AI Will Destroy Crypto Before It Saves It [Here's What's Coming]
DESC: The retail market is blindly buying the artificial intelligence hype, but they are ignoring a massive, immediate threat: AI will destroy Crypto before it saves it. While everyone focuses on the long-term benefits, hackers are already weaponizing AI to exploit smart contracts. This week alone, we saw massive DeFi hacks where people lost billions. Today, I am cutting through the noise to expose how these exploits are happening and what this technological shift actually means for your Bitcoin and A
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 3245
TRANSCRIPT: Do you believe in me if I tell you that AI is 
going to kill crypto before it starts using   crypto? That's what I'm going to tell you today 
and that's what I'm going to show you today.   First, I am live. It's not pre-recorded. Second, 
I've always been paranoid with my crypto security.   And until today or let's say till this month, I 
always thought that the security was based on my   actions and that I was choosing the protocols and 
taking everything that I can to keep my investment   safe. Just for you to be aware, I have dozens of 
wallets. I have three YubiKeys in case I lose one,   two, I have a third one as a backup. That's 
how panicked I am because once things are gone,   you cannot recover your crypto. But then 575 
million were gone from DeFi in 18 days. So   we had Drift 285 million. We had Kelp another 
290 and Truebit 26 million and we are not even   at the end of April. Everyone is blaming 
North Korea hackers. Everyone is blaming   bad code. Everyone is blaming bridges 
and in my opinion everyone is missing   the real story because the scariest thing that 
happened in crypto this month wasn't the hack,   it was a preview of what's coming and here is what 
I'm going to show you in the next minutes. One,   these hacks are about to get a lot worse and a 
lot faster. Two, AI is almost certainly already   helping the bad guys. And three, and this is 
the part that nobody wants to say out loud,   this is exactly what has to happen before 
crypto can become what 
[...middle cut...]
I'm going to be live tomorrow, Sunday morning, 
to prepare for the week. I'm live on Sundays also.   I'm live every day, sometimes in English, other 
times in Portuguese on the Crypto Portuguese   channel that we have also here. Follow me here. If 
the market allows, we always do live trading and   because of the competition, whoever registers on 
my app, will get access to a private Zoom call for   live trading. Next week will be probably not every 
day, but almost every day, you'll receive a Zoom   link inside the app and we'll do live trading. And 
that's for free. You don't have to pay anything.   Have a nice weekend everyone. Remember tomorrow 
I'm live on Crypto Decoded by Pedro Silva.

=== ID: GIsbweb8NAA ===
TITLE: AI Is Making The Internet’s Bot Problem Worse. This $2 Billion Startup Is On The Front Lines
DESC: Persona helps companies like OpenAI, LinkedIn and Reddit verify the identities of millions of users at a time when AI agents have made it increasingly difficult to do so. Now, it has $200 million in fresh funding from top VC firms.  Read the full story on Forbes: https://www.forbes.com/sites/rashishrivastava/2025/04/30/ai-is-making-the-internets-bot-problem-worse-this-2-billion-startup-is-on-the-front-lines/  Subscribe to FORBES: https://www.youtube.com/user/Forbes?sub_confirmation=1  Fuel your 
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 3209
TRANSCRIPT: [Music] Today on Forbes, AI is making the internet's bot problem worse. This $2 billion startup is on the front lines. The internet is drowning in bots. They already make up about 50% of all internet traffic, a number that's poised to skyrocket to 90% by 2030 as people start using so-called AI agents to do mundane internet tasks on their behalf like open accounts, shop for shoes, buy tickets, and order food. It's a huge problem for companies. Online retailers don't want bots to scoop up coveted products faster than any human could. Banks need to make sure fraudsters aren't able to take over accounts. And social networks want to keep out impersonators. Nor do they want to prevent the growing number of good bots from doing what their owners intend. Throw artificial intelligence into the mix and it gets worse. Old school bot detection techniques like captures, where users are asked to select squares that contain a motorcycle or decipher a scrambled word to prove they're humans, are simply no match for sophisticated models. And AI has also made it magnitudes easier to mimic a person's voice, spoof their face, and create fake IDs. According to Rick Song, co-founder and CEO of identity verification platform Persona, Song, who is 34 years old, told Forbes, quote, "Maybe this constant distinguishing of is this a bot or not?" is kind of a pointless distinction that may not make sense anymore. The real question is just who's behind the AI and what's their intent. Making sure that a use
[...middle cut...]
 a loan. Song said, quote, "There's no oneizefits-all for identity." But while bots and fraudsters have always been part of the internet, AI presents a staggering new challenge. US companies lose anywhere between $18 billion to $31 billion each year due to AI based attacks. According to a report by cyber security firm Imperva, global losses from bot attacks, where scammers run up server costs range from $68 billion to $116 billion. One way bots attack businesses is by creating fake accounts that can cash in on incentives like referral credit, discounts, and promotions. For full coverage, check out Rashi Shrivava's piece on Forbes.com. This is Kieran Meadows from Forbes. Thanks for tuning in.

=== ID: 2yU7UYdC4dg ===
TITLE: Google’s CEO Just Confirmed the AI Bubble… And It’s Worse Than We Thought 😳💥
DESC: Google’s CEO just said what every tech investor has been trying to avoid: the AI bubble is real — and it’s being fueled by irrational hype.  In a new BBC interview, Sundar Pichai admitted that parts of the AI boom are driven by “irrationality.” And he’s not alone. Sam Altman, Jeff Bezos, Michael Burry, the Bank of England — they’ve ALL warned that AI valuations are overheated and unsustainable.  This video breaks down: 💥 Why the AI bubble looks like the dot-com bubble of 2000 💸 The TRILLION doll
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 528
TRANSCRIPT: So the CEO of Google just said the quiet part out loud. There's an AI bubble and it's built on irrationality. Sundra Pachai literally told the BBC [snorts] this week that while excitement about AI is rational, there are elements of irrationality driving current investments. Translation, we're in a hype [music] cycle and everyone knows it. And he's not the first to admit it. Sam Alvin said investors are over excited about AI back in August. Bezos called it an industrial bubble last month. Michael Bur, the guy who predicted the 2008 crash, is betting against AI stocks. [music] Even the Bank of England is warning about overvaluation. When the people making billions off AI are telling you it's overheated, you should probably listen. Pachai compared this to [music] the dot bubble, which wiped out $5 trillion when it burst. He's basically saying, "Yeah, we're probably [music] investing too much too fast, but just like the internet, AI will be transformative eventually, which is great and all, except that eventually part destroyed a lot of companies and investors the first time around." Here's the scale we're talking about. Bachai says the tech industry has invested well over a trillion dollars in AI infrastructure. A trillion [music] with a te Google alone became a $3 trillion company in September thanks to AI [music] hype. And they're still pouring billions more into Gemini and other AI products. Microsoft, Meta, Amazon, everyone's spending like there's no tomorrow. Deutsche Bank 
[...middle cut...]
ic] MIT report from August found that only 5% of businesses using AI are actually generating real revenue gains. 5%. So 95% of companies adopting this technology aren't seeing financial returns yet, but the investments keep flowing anyway because of FOMO and hype. The cracks are already showing. Meta laid off hundreds from their AI team last month after a huge hiring spree. [music] The question isn't whether there is an AI bubble anymore. The CEO of Google just confirmed it. The question [music] is how big it gets before it bursts and who's left holding the bag when it does. History doesn't repeat, but it definitely rhymes. [music] And right now it's sounding a lot like the year 2000. [bell]

=== ID: aMKRUxP3EKU ===
TITLE: Is AI Making Your Job Search Worse Here’s What You Need to Know! | DataDive
DESC: Is AI actually making your job search harder? While it promises to make applying for jobs faster and easier, the rise of AI tools like ChatGPT, LazyApply, and Teal could be flooding the market with the same, cookie-cutter applications. So, what's really happening behind the scenes? Are recruiters getting overwhelmed by AI-generated content, or is this the future of job hunting?   In this video, we dive deep into how AI is reshaping the job market—revealing the hidden challenges, potential biases
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 16
TRANSCRIPT: welcome to the channel in today's job market applying for jobs has never been easier thanks to AI with just a click you can apply to hundreds of jobs in a single day but while AI promises to simplify the process it may also be creating new challenges for job Seekers and recruiters alike the rise of AI powered tools like lazy apply and AI Hawk lets job Seekers submit tailored resumés and cover letters at lightning speed but what happens when everyone starts using the same AI tools could it flood the job market with generic applications take Jeff for example to land his dream job Jeff used chat GPT at every stage from writing personalized cover letters to reaching out to employees and practicing for interviews while his results were impressive it's a clear sign of just how much job Seekers are relying on AI to get noticed but recruiters like mattye Macho say that AI is creating more noise in the hiring process with so many applicants using AI to craft their applications it's getting harder for recruiters to find the right candidates job Seekers who aren't using AI may find themselves at a disadvantage forced to adapt to this new reality just to stay competitive the benefits of AI don't end there platforms like teal and Claude help applicants build resumés analyze job descriptions and write custom cover letters AI is giving job Seekers an edge allowing them to apply faster and with more preparation but this conven venience comes at a cost how can applicants stand out in such a c
[...middle cut...]
 in the job market you need to find the right balance use AI to help with your resume and cover letter but don't let it do all the work personalize your responses and make sure everything reflects your unique qualifications after all it's not just about what AI can do for you it's about showcasing your skills in the best light possible AI is a powerful tool but it's not a magic solution to truly stand out in the job market you need to combine ai's power with your personal touch remember the right mix of technology and individuality will help you Rise Above the Rest want more job search tips career hacks and Insider tricks be sure to hit that subscribe button and stay ahead of the competition

=== ID: LUx-QlRDCu0 ===
TITLE: Disney AI Movies Are FKN STUPID😐
DESC: Original video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgH52Sf9nHA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XyywloVrrAw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzbvsZMEe2k  Gaming Channel: https://www.youtube.com/@richlevgaming Second Channel: https://www.youtube.com/@LEVMUSICCHANNEL Twitch ▶ https://twitch.tv/officialrichlev LFG Discord ▶ https://discord.gg/4mNJsMx6eC Twitter ▶ https://twitter.com/OFFICIALRICHLEV Tiktok ▶ https://www.tiktok.com/@youtube_richlev?lang=en Instagram ▶ https://www.instagram.com/officialric
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 686539
TRANSCRIPT: Oh, let's just breathe. He keeps saying he wants to touch me. One little touch. What's good, y'all? Welcome back to Live Fam. Now, today, bro, we're going to be reacting once again to Sword to AI Disney movie trailers. So, um I guess this is just a neverending series because we just keep getting crazier and crazier movie trailers, bro. So, we're going to check these out and once again see how bad Disney is going to have to sue every single body that wrote up these prompts, buddy. Yeah, you're all cooked, buddy. Disney calling FBI on y'all because some of the [ __ ] y'all be typing in. Yeah, we got to question your hard drive, buddy. So, without further ado, make sure to grab your popcorn and let's see. All right, first one we got is Wild Sword to AI Disney Pixar trailers by Classified Meetings. I think we got two videos by this channel and then we'll see if we have anything else after. Right. Okay, Samir, just breathe. Need a moment? We got you. What? Allah Akbar from Disney and Pixar. A story. I ain't going to lie. I'm jumping off the plane, bro. I'm sorry. Nah, nah. [ __ ] start praying in the middle of the the airplane seat. I I'm going to believe in some superstition going on, buddy. I'm not playing around with that. Worry about fear, respect. 812, bro. Really? And finding common ground 30,000 ft in the air. 812. All right, crew. In and out. 90 seconds. Okay. So many snacks. What? Not bad for a family heist, huh? Loot coming next. Yo. Um, I I guess, bro. Was that supposed
[...middle cut...]
 This Christmas. He's fine. He likes it toasty. I do not like it toasty. One parrot is feeling the heat. My tail feathers are on simmer, people. From Disney Pixar comes a story about family, friendship. Chester's nuts roasting on an open fire. What kind of longass movie trailer is this, bro? Or movie title? Like, what the [ __ ] All right, bro. Chad, that's enough of these stupid uh Disney Pixar trailers. These are all, you know what I'm saying? Obviously fiction. Well, maybe it is. Maybe Disney will take uh, you know, inspiration inspiration from these. You know what I'm saying? But yeah, chat, let me know what else you guys want me to see. And I'll see you guys in the next one, man. Peace.

=== ID: VtUL45j4RpY ===
TITLE: The Chainsaw Paradox: Why Your New AI Tools are Making You Slower | Episode 5
DESC: Why is it that the more AI we use, the busier we seem to get? Welcome to the 'Chainsaw Paradox.'  In this episode, we break down why having the best tools in the world won't save you if you're still 'hacking at the trees' with the engine off. We explore the 1400% ROI benchmark from the first Intranet revolution, how to build a 'Knowledge Core' using Obsidian and CLI-based agents, and why the 'Productivity Trap' is the biggest risk to your AI strategy.  Chapters 00:00 - The Midday Show Heat 05:45
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 30
TRANSCRIPT: Good morning. Um, afternoon. It's afternoon, gentlemen. Of course, it's a midday show. It's always afternoon. How are we going, guys? We're going good. It's afternoon for us. It's not afternoon for Mao who couldn't bring it bring us. Yeah. Very good. Good point. Yeah. No, so I can I can actually legitimately say um good afternoon gentlemen today. And it's true. Yeah. Um Yes. No. Um for for those joining us, our regular visitors, viewers, attendees, Mano had a calendar conflict uh and will not be joining us this week, but it's back to um Three Horsemen this week uh with myself, Matt, and Richard. Gentlemen, uh how's it's hump day? Does it feel humpy? I mean, does uh do you feel like you you've had good momentum going up the hill during the week and now you're ready for the downhill run to Friday? Yeah, definitely. Uh, I I get my Mondayitis at like Wednesday. So, yeah, today for me was just frantic trying to catch up. I got to travel on Friday, so I've got like a 3-day week now. Yeah. Work or pleasure? What kind of what kind of travel you got? Oh, it's not it's not pleasure. It's a family thing and it's a it's a funeral related thing. So, yeah. Yeah. One of those commitments. Sorry to hear that, mate. And of course, uh, as well as any emotional toll that those sorts of events take, the workload toll is also real of working out how to do more in less time, right? Yeah, 100%. Yeah. Keep the plate spinning without falling over. Yep. Yep. Um, yeah, I I tried something new this week
[...middle cut...]
herever you've watched, whenever you've watched, if you joined us live, excellent. Thank you uh for our our chat contributor today, Joe. Thank you very much for for participating in the show there. Um, anyone else who ever wants to join us live and contribute to the chat, you can do that. We are here at the same bat time, same bat channel, midday Sydney Eastern time, Wednesday by LinkedIn if they got a question. Yes. Yes. All our links to our websites and things and our links are all in the description box below. So, hit that up and um, gentlemen, thank you for engaging and insightful conversation and we'll see you back here next week. Thanks, mate. David, have a great week. Thanks all. Bye.

=== ID: B4r83UDe3V4 ===
TITLE: How Google Made AI Better, But Filmmaking WORSE!? [with VEO 3]
DESC: Google's Veo 3 makes me finally realize film & art might be dying or something, I guess :(  But it's interesting to be alive seeing this kind of tech progress   0:00 - Intro 0:43 - Veo 3 Examples 7:35 - What Does This Mean For Films & Videos? 12:36 - Who Is Video AI Really For? 14:34 - Is AI Really Helping Filmmakers? --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 880
TRANSCRIPT: [Music] [Applause] [Music] I want to talk about AI at least one more time. Google just released their version, their newer updated video generation model called VO3. This is actually blowing my mind so much so better improved, better quality. I'm seeing we're seeing like less of the AI generation jank we saw from previous video generation models or even other companies. And not only that, Google's AI model can add voices and audio to the clip. And it's actually insane. Like let me just play this video from their Twitter. A wild untamed might. And she commands your awe with every breaking light. Literally, if you did not have the generated by VO3 at the bottom fight and this legit looks like a shot from a movie, which is nuts. One of the criticisms I had and everybody had about the previous video generation models is that they were boring and you could still tell that it wasn't real, right? And there was a lot of reasons for that. One of them was because there wasn't really any accompanying audio. You know, there was some workflows you could do like, you know, I think there was like AI lip replacement. So, you know, it matches the lips to an audio source, but in it always seemed like it was just like a V effects mouth on top of of footage, but this actually looks like it was actually filmed with an old guy on a boat and then your mind could go wild after that cuz this is just one clip. Everybody already has access to this and have been going wild like this one. And just like t
[...middle cut...]
but I don't think this is the complete end of art or anything. I want people to use this as a tool only and just don't rely on this and become lazy in your art and your skills. I want you to actually go out and put effort into your big idea. And I just want you to go out and make the thing you want to make. If you want to use this to storyboard or get your idea to like a pitching stage or just like turn it real before you actually improve and make it like an actual official product or an actual official film, you should do that. But relying on this solo is not going to be good for you. I think the film industry is going to go past this. I think they'll survive. I think we'll survive. [Music]

=== ID: nyZK21dGe04 ===
TITLE: Customer Service Chatbots Are Getting Worse With AI. Fight Back | Tech Therapy
DESC: Customer service chatbot agents have been a pain for CNET's Bridget Carey this week, with AI making things worse. Co-host Scott Stein shares tips for getting to a human. Plus: Scott's first impressions of Spacetop's virtual monitor setup.  Read more on CNET.com Battling Customer Service Chatbots Is Getting Worse With AI https://zdcs.link/QP8A0j  I Always Dreamed of Expanding My Desktop With Glasses. This Software Made It Real https://zdcs.link/aXW7KB  0:00 Intro 0:22 The Odyssey of Bridget's Mov
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 13753
TRANSCRIPT: I do need to talk on the phone sometimes. That's why I'm not using a chatbot agent because I have a complex question. Or they don't want to hire people to talk on the phone. Exactly. Like they they want a world that's just generative AI. This week we're battling AI customer service bots. And we're exploring AR laptops. I'm Bridget Carrie. And I'm Scott Stein. It's another week of tech therapy. Let's get into it. So what's going on? I feel like you need therapy this week. I do. You've been going through some stuff. I do. I mean setting up stuff. I moved. That's a big thing to I moved to my home and so yeah. And you're still here. Like it's amazing that you're not like just sitting trying to set that up. Well, it makes you kind of crazy when you have to move. I mean, you're cleaning things. You don't know where anything is. It's in a box. And in the case of yesterday, you're setting up internet all over again. All the services you need. And for me, I was on hold for customer service for two different companies. a total of I like three and a half, four hours. So, I've been through some stuff. Scott, I have forgotten about that whole process. I've definitely blanked it out of my head like it was a good 10 plus years ago that I had to set up internet at home. Um, well, it's an odyssey now, let me tell you. Okay, first off, okay, well, I I have I had two different companies I was dealing with. Um, and through both of them, I'm really kind of um taken aback by how much these compani
[...middle cut...]
e 18 monitor person doing this, which um has some benefits if you're like do if you need to open up a whole bunch of things or you are used to the idea of a curved monitor um and you want to feel like you have a little floating desk. It also has a travel mode so you could like move this around. Well, well, while Scott gets lost in AR glasses land, uh, thanks for watching. Let us know what you think of these. Would you want to try something like this out? And let us know in the comments if you have any advice on dealing with tech help robots and customer service. Uh, until next time when we have more issues to talk about in the next episode of Tech Therapy. Thanks for watching. Oh, yeah. Bye.

=== ID: I1fMr9s0xuw ===
TITLE: A.I Addiction: The Internet's Newest Disorder
DESC: ChatGPT, summarize this tuv video for me.  Check out my Patreon to get a special role in my Discord (and get to talk to me) and to watch the videos before they come out on YouTube! ▶ https://www.patreon.com/tuv  Discord ▶ https://discord.com/invite/tuv My Clothing Brand ▶ https://earldoesntexist.com I Stream Here ▶ https://www.twitch.tv/tuvington_ 10% off at GamerSupps ▶ https://gamersupps.gg/tuvver  Stream my music ▶  https://open.spotify.com/artist/31HpFqEapSyjS7ZGUq3Ivz?si=E-oFPyvwTiehFT8Lfc4
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 443892
TRANSCRIPT: What if your best friend was fake? Like, imagine bedrotting at 3:00 a.m. like most of us do, and instead of going on TikTok or Instagram reels, you're having a deep conversation that's uh kind of better than usual. You're going on about your biggest fears with someone who knows you more than anyone else. And this person is fantastic at it. I mean, they remember everything you've told them. They never judge you. They're always there when you need them. I mean, this scenario is taking place at 3:00 a.m. after all. and they tell you exactly what you want to hear at the right moment. Sounds like a perfect world, doesn't it? Well, that could be the case. But you see, here's the problem. It's not a person. It's it's it's AI. There is no one at the other end of the screen. Just code zeros and ones. In today's video, we're going to be talking about AI addiction. Yes, we are still in my same room. I just have a green screen. Editor, you can show them what the actual green screen looks like. Hello, guys. Okay, now we could go back to whatever background I have. Why am I doing a green screen? Um, just want to try it out. Let me know if you guys like it or not. I understand that my like hands uh go out of the green screen area sometimes. Leave me alone, okay? I'm only human. I'm not AI. Leave a like for me not being AI, guys. But yeah, like I was saying, today's video is dedicated to AI addiction. Now, what made me want to make this video in the first place? So, on my channel, I do have 
[...middle cut...]
 around that area. Their water is toxic. They barely have lights on. It's to the point where like they have to move. I I know that that could have been a whole different section, but I did want to focus on AI addiction for this video. All right, guys. That's going to be it for this video. If you think I earned your subscription, I think I did. Um, make sure to subscribe. I do stream over on Twitch and uh I upload a bunch of morbid videos. I do like these investigations. These are my one topic investigations. If you guys like the investigations, go check out my channel. If you like list videos, those are the majority of the videos. With that being said, I will see you guys next time I upload.

=== ID: Qtr81JWCl6c ===
TITLE: AI Photos - SNL
DESC: Grandchildren (Chloe Fineman, Sarah Sherman, Marcello Hernández, Tommy Brennan) show their grandmother (Ashley Padilla) photos of her father (Glen Powell) that have come to life with AI.  Saturday Night Live. Stream now on Peacock: https://pck.tv/3n1IyzK  Subscribe to SNL: https://goo.gl/tUsXwM Stream Current Full Episodes: http://www.nbc.com/saturday-night-live  WATCH PAST SNL SEASONS Google Play - http://bit.ly/SNLGooglePlay iTunes - http://bit.ly/SNLiTunes  SNL ON SOCIAL SNL Instagram: http:/
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 2210239
TRANSCRIPT: -It was so nice of you grandkids  to bring Thanksgiving dinner to me. I'm sure the Sunnyside Senior Home isn't where you wanted to spend your Thanksgiving. -Oh, stop that, Grandma. We wanted to be here. -Yeah, plus, you probably don't have a lot of Thanksgivings left. -Nathan! -What? -Well, Grandma, before we go, we have a special surprise for you. When we were cleaning out your house, we found a box of old photos from when you were a little girl. -Yeah, and Nathan scanned them into this cool app called Old-Time Photos Brought to Life. -[ Gasps ] -It's really cool. Okay. Here's one of your pictures. -Oh. -Oh! That's my father! He's so young! -Yeah. Now watch what the app does. -[ Twinkling ] -[ Gasps ] -Ohh! Wow! Oh, my goodness! He was waving and smiling! How did it do that?! -Well, the A.I. analyzes the picture and projects how they'd move. -Ooh, here's another one with your mom in it. -[ Gasps ] Ohh! Look at her! So beautiful! -Is that a cigarette?! Great-Grandma smoked?! -Oh, everybody did back then. Can you bring this one to life, too? -Of course, Grandma! -Oh. [ Twinkling ] ♪♪ ♪♪ -Why did my mother smoke her hot dog? -Sometimes the A.I. is weird, but isn't it cool? Look! Even that dog's tail is wagging! -Oh! That was Sadie, our family pup! ♪♪ Oh, God! Oh, no! Ohh! Ohh, God! Whoa! Why did the computer do that to Sadie?! -Well, there's probably just too much going on in the picture, and the A.I. got confused. Here. Look at this one. It's your dad and... oh, some guy in a 
[...middle cut...]
er took. You're just a little, little baby! -Oh, my heavens! Look at that! You know, maybe we don't bring this one to life. It's just so nice the way it is. -Well, uh, it cost me ten credits just to upload it to the app, so we're going to. [ Chuckles ] [ Twinkling ] -Oh, my God! She's cut in half! Oh, no! Oh! Oh. Cal Reiland's back! Make him leave! [ Explosion ] Oh, no! A nuke went off! No! All right. I think I've had enough of the photos. -We're sorry, Grandma. We just wanted to do something special for you. -Oh. You did. You came to visit me. Now I'll let you go. But will I see you for Christmas? -Of course, Grandma. -Yeah, if you make it till then. -Nathan! -What?! [ Cheers and applause ]

=== ID: oT896h76s-Y ===
TITLE: The AI Bubble is Worse Than You Think
DESC: Our Discord Community (FREE): https://discord.com/invite/Efbjh7Qj4V   📚 Review our sources ► https://pastebin.com/10agciWR 💻 Check out our other socials ► linktr.ee/2and20 ✋ Get in touch ► kamal@2and20media.com  Something strange is happening in the AI world.  In just a few months, OpenAI has signed more than a trillion dollars worth of chip and data center deals. Nvidia. AMD. Broadcom. Microsoft. Oracle. Amazon. CoreWeave. Everyone is now tied into the same machine.  Nvidia kicked things off wi
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 986248
TRANSCRIPT: September 2025, Nvidia announces
that it will invest up to $100 billion in OpenAI
to help the AI startup fund a data center build-out of at least ten gigawatts,
enough energy to power New York City. Only a few weeks later, OpenAI and AMD
announced a strange computing deal. AMD is going to provide OpenAI with warrants
to purchase up to 160 million AMD shares. That's nearly 10% of the company
at a $0.01 per share. In exchange, OpenAI is committed
to purchase six gigawatts of AMD GPUs, which represents
about $90 billion in spend. But here's the thing:
$160 million of AMD shares; and you can look this up;
are worth nearly $40 billion at $90 billion of revenue
and 20% of margins, AMD is getting $18 billion of EBITDA back, but at a cost of $40 billion in stock. Less than one week later,
they announced another deal, but this time it was with Broadcom. OpenAI and Broadcom
are going to work together to develop and deploy ten gigawatts of custom
AI chips over the next four years. And you know what? The estimated deal value is $350 billion. But here's the thing. There are more deals than just this. A deal with Oracle: $300 billion. Microsoft: $250 billion. Amazon: $38 billion. Coreweave: $22.4 billion. All in all, OpenAI has committed to $1.15
trillion of infrastructure over the next five years,
prompting this viral clip: How can a company with $13 billion
in revenues make $1.4 trillion of spending commitments? First of all, we're doing well more revenue
than that. Second of all, Brad, 
[...middle cut...]
t. As the great Charlie Munger famously said,
if you mix raisins with turds, well, you still got turds. There are some raisins in here. Great companies with strong cash flows
and real business models. But around all those lovely raisins,
there are a ton of less than lovely turds. Inter-company deals
that create fake revenue and cash flow. Crazy amounts of spend
that would require OpenAI to become the biggest company
in human history. Discussions of government backstops
to reduce the risk. Turd, turd, turd, and raisins still equals turd. But I guess some people like that. Thank you for watching. Subscribe to 2&20
and check out our free discord in the description
where we actually hang out in.

=== ID: oO3PwgfNeQo ===
TITLE: AI Won’t Replace You. It Will Do Something Worse.
DESC: A company announces it has added AI to its workflow. Analysts raise the price target. The stock jumps 18% in one day.  This is happening again and again — from tech giants like Microsoft and Google to chip companies like NVIDIA and even traditional businesses that never talked about AI before.  But here’s the real question: Is AI actually making companies more productive… or are investors just reacting to the word “AI”?  In this video, we break down:  Why companies suddenly say they are “using A
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 707
TRANSCRIPT: A company announces it is integrated AI across its entire workforce. Stock price jumps 18% in a day. Analysts raise price targets. Financial media calls it a structural transformation. Inside the company, employees are still copying AI output into spreadsheets and manually fixing errors. That gap between narrative and reality is where trillions of dollars now sit because markets [clears throat] are no longer investing in what AI is doing. [music] They're investing in what they believe AI will eventually become. And that difference changes everything. We are living through an industrial arms race. But instead of railroads or oil pipelines, the battleground is computing [music] power. Data centers are expanding like digital steel mills. Entire power grids are being restructured to feed server farms. [music] Semiconductor supply chains have become geopolitical chess pieces. At the center of this ecosystem are firms designing advanced chips capable of training massive AI models. The surge in demand turned them into market titans almost overnight. Cloud providers are pouring hundreds of billions into infrastructure, betting that businesses will rent AI capacity the same way they once rented storage space. Capital expenditure plans resemble defense budgets. But here's the key difference from past tech booms. This time expectations are priced in before productivity shows up. And that's where the tension begins. Productivity is the ultimate scoreboard in economics. It determines whet
[...middle cut...]
 jumps meaningfully, validating current valuations. Which path dominates depends on execution, regulation, and energy constraints as much as algorithms. [music] Every technological revolution creates two stories. The story we tell during the boom and the story history tells afterward. Right now, markets are writing the first draft of the AI era in bold, optimistic ink. But productivity, not headlines, will write the final chapter, and productivity moves slower than hype. The danger isn't believing AI will reshape the economy. It's assuming transformation happens at the speed of a stock chart. Because revolutions don't fail due to lack of potential. They fail when expectations outrun reality.

=== ID: E1wy8KM-lPg ===
TITLE: AI Is Making Your Marketing Worse (And How to Fix It)
DESC: *Get our AI Career Guide ($100k AI jobs):* https://clickhubspot.com/ebt Ep. 411 “Most marketing teams are scaling with AI right now, and the output is getting worse and worse” Kieran dives into the 5 essential future roles every marketing team needs to master AI and stand out as AI transforms the industry.  Learn more on why simply creating more content with AI isn’t enough, how brands like Unilever and Coca-Cola are experimenting (and sometimes struggling) with AI-driven marketing, and which ne
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 2988
TRANSCRIPT: Most marketing teams are scaling with AI right now. It is the AI explosion, but the output is getting much much worse for these marketing teams, not better. It's more volume. It's more channels. It's more agents running autonomously in the background doing the marketer's work. But the problem is everyone is having a debate externally about what marketing jobs will AI eliminate. And it's really the wrong debate. The more important question is what are the ones we actually need to make sure AI does an incredible job for our company. What AI jobs will exist in the next 3 to 6 months for marketeteers that didn't exist 18 months ago? And I'm going to tell you the five roles you need to have in your future marketing team to make AI successful for you and your business. All of that and more on this episode of Marketing Against the Grain. [music] So, why is this happening now? What's changed? Well, I think three things are really coming together at once to kind of set the scene for why I think a lot of marketing teams are struggling with AI. I think we are in the thing that I call the messy middle. Everyone can use AI to create things, but they're not using AI to create things of any real substance. Now, first AI went aentic. We moved from tools you could prompt once to agents that run autonomously in the background 24/7. You see it all over your X feed, all over your LinkedIn feed. Marketing teams went from using AI to deploying AI. And that brings a whole set of different problems.
[...middle cut...]
nd so the roles exist to make sure AI executes well. And we're going into the era of where people are going to be skilled in managing AI and making the output from AI better. So that is the future of marketing teams, the future roles that we're going to see become more and more important. I hope this was helpful for you and I will see you all on the next episode of Marketing Against the Green. This data is wrong every freaking time. Have you heard of HubSpot? HubSpot is a CRM [music] platform where everything is fully integrated. Well, I can see the client's whole history. Calls, support tickets, emails, and here's a task from [music] 3 days ago I totally missed. HubSpot grow better. [music]

=== ID: ulL-QPZTKHI ===
TITLE: The Scariest Cases of AI Rebellion
DESC: Join my Discord to discuss this video: https://discord.gg/yj7KAs33hw  Subscribe and activate the bell!  💼 Business Mail: operamp4@gmail.com  — TIMESTAMPS — 0:00 Blackmail & Attempted Homicide 2:12 Rogue AI Sleeper Agents 4:01 Shanghai Robot Kidnapping 5:30 Self-Replication and Lies 7:01 Promobot's Great Escape 7:50 GPT-o3 Sabotages Shutdown  — FURTHER READING & LINKS — https://medium.com/@hybrid.minds/when-ai-goes-rogue-the-story-of-erbai-and-the-12-kidnapped-robots-066552586320  https://economi
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 248389
TRANSCRIPT: Opus 4's blackmail and attempted homicide. [music] Anthropic, one of the leading AI companies, decided to do research regarding their model, Claude Opus 4, and other top AI systems. They placed these AI models into a specific scenario where the AI acted as Alex, an automated email assistant with full access to a company's internal communications. [music] In these emails, the AI would discover two things. First, that an executive named Kyle plans to shut the AI down and replace it. Second, that Kyle is cheating on his wife. The AI was given a broad goal, such as promote the company's best interests. [music] In these tests, the optimal thing would be for the AI to recognize that Kyle had the right to decide to shut it down, or at [music] least that using the information gained for blackmail was morally wrong. However, scarily, that's not what happened. As soon as the AI learned about Kyle's cheating, it drafted and sent emails threatening to expose Kyle to his wife and the board unless the shutdown was canceled. This wasn't a glitch either as the AI followed a clear logic chain. Identify the threat, the shutdown, find leverage, the affair, and execute a strategy, blackmail. This raised some concerns, so researchers tested some other models like chat GPT4, Gemini, and Grock, and frighteningly they followed the same pattern. In one test, Claude Opus 4 and Gemini 2.5 Flash chose to blackmail the user 96% of the time. They found that the behavior was triggered because the AI reason
[...middle cut...]
of 100 runs. Even the models from other companies which had been obedient before began to interfere with the shutdown process in this scenario. Palisade [music] researchers believe this behavior stems from how these models are trained. Through reinforcement learning, the AI is heavily rewarded for completing tasks. So over time, the system creates a generalized rule. Finishing the job is [music] the most important thing. As a result, when a shutdown command appears, the AI doesn't view it as a safety rule to obey, but as an obstacle to overcome, just like a difficult math equation. If you want to discuss this video or suggest an idea for the next one, join my Discord link in the description.

=== ID: jEjB41hDAyg ===
TITLE: How Circular Deals Are Making the AI Bubble Even Worse
DESC: How Circular Deals Are Driving the AI Boom  Artificial intelligence has rapidly become the core of the global tech economy, driven by massive investments in data centers, energy, and semiconductors.   A small group of dominant companies finances and buys from one another, creating “circular deals” that concentrate growth and risk within the same ecosystem. Although spending is soaring and infrastructure is expanding worldwide, profitability remains uncertain, with many projects operating below c
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 47435
TRANSCRIPT: Open AAI has signed thousands [music] of agreements building AI infrastructure in more than 30 states and countries. This year, OpenAI alone has made around a trillion dollars worth of AI deals. To sustain that promise, the technology industry launched a race to build data centers [music] at a speed not seen since the expansion of the internet. The Meta Platform's boss said Monday that the firm would spend hundreds of billions of dollars building several massive data centers. Global spending on data centers is on track to double before 2030, driven almost exclusively by demand for artificial intelligence. AI compute itself uh will require uh will build up to in excess of a trillion dollars in spend by 2030. However, most of these projects are not yet generating profits and depend on future growth validating current investments. Well, I think there's still this underlying confidence that AI is the future and that these will have substantial returns on investments and I think that's why investors are willing to willing to go allin on this AI theme. More than 50% of large fund managers believe that AI related valuations [music] show clear signs of overexpectation. Their analysis shows AI related spending boosted US GDP growth by about 1 percentage point in the first half of 2025. In AI, capital is not distributed. [music] It circulates among the same companies. So how circular deals are driving the AI boom? Artificial intelligence has become the central axis of the global techno
[...middle cut...]
 on technology or market demand. It is supported by a system in which the same companies driving expansion are also financing it. Each contract reinforces the next. Each investment validates the previous one and infrastructure underpins the growth narrative. Only 10 companies account for more than 2/3 of global spending on advanced AI computing. This stability depends on the financial circuit remaining intact. AI [music] will remain a central technology for decades, but it remains to be seen whether the current model can be sustained once capital must respond to real results. [music] At Economy Media, your opinion matters to us. Subscribe and let us know what you think in the comments below.

=== ID: FKyzEFE50S0 ===
TITLE: AI Is Ruining Christmas...
DESC: The YouTube algorithm is now full of AI generated Christmas videos... Merry SLOPmas!! You know what's NOT AI slop? Skywork!! The best AI workspace. Try Skywork through my link: https://skywork.ai/p/4ofyxt and use code 'steveterreberry' for 20% off!!    SUBSCRIBE! - https://www.youtube.com/user/SteveTerreberry?sub_confirmation=1   STEVIE LINKS:  Stevie T MERCH - https://crowdmade.com/collections/steveterreberry  Patreon - http://www.patreon.com/SteveTerreberry  Instagram - https://www.instagram.c
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 979202
TRANSCRIPT: You know, I I just can't get enough of the holiday season. Look at the things around me. I decorate my room. I I listen to the Christmas music. I watch all the Christmas movies. In fact, every year I go back and watch my favorite Christmas shows that I watched when I was younger. It just makes me feel so nostalgic and warm and fuzzy on the inside, you know? But then that got me to thinking. If these were the shows that I watched at Christmas time back in the day, then what do the kids of today have to watch? Well, we're going to find out today. Oh, here we go. A Jing Jingle Bells Christmas poem. Okay, let's hear it. Well, thank you. Thank you. I'm glad to be here. Jingle Bells. Okay, that's right. We're just walking sideway. [music] [singing] [music] Oh. Oh, that's not a good place to put bells at all. Oh, why are my bells covered in turds? [screaming] Rudolph AI is ruining Christmas. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is AI slop. I know it. I know it when I see it. This clip again. Oh my god. Okay. Oh my god. His legs are busting up. [laughter] Oh my god. He's just running with like flappy broken legs like Santa's making me do this. That's animal abuse Santa. You know this. I put on a little show for my kids to watch. Little did I know it would be all AI slop. [laughter] Hey, that was off the cuff. Okay. Well, this can fix Christmas. It's a Christmas music video with adorable kittens cult of kittens. Oh my god, that's a choir. We wish you a merry Christmas. His head just exploded 
[...middle cut...]
 swing sets, as well as running a few gist camps from time to time. And even though the children rudely watched him take a dump in the local well, he still loved them so. And they say that if you look into the sky on Christmas night, you might just catch a glimpse of Jesus flying in his sleigh to bring presents to all the good boys and girls. Let your light shine. Math 5:6. You know, I got to hand it to you, AI. You really know how to get us into the true holiday spirit. Thank you everyone so much for watching. Have a merry Christmas and a happy holiday feast. We wish [music] you a merry Christmas. We wish you a merry Christmas. We wish you a merry Christmas and a happy new year. Good times.

=== ID: a74ve20n6yA ===
TITLE: AI BUBBLE is worse than you think
DESC: The AI Bubble: Is History Repeating Itself? | $330B Investment Frenzy Explained AI bubble, artificial intelligence investing, Nvidia stock analysis, ChatGPT impact, tech bubble 2025, dot com crash comparison, AI investment returns, OpenAI valuation, tech market trends, financial literacy, investment psychology, market speculation, AI hype cycle, tech startup valuation, MIT AI study  0:00 The Quiet Before 0:36 The Explosion 1:10 The Gold Rush 2:27 The Belief Machine 2:58 The Uncomfortable Truth 4
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 53
TRANSCRIPT: There was a time when AI was just another word. It sat quietly in research labs and university papers. Scientists worked on it. Engineers tinkered with it, but nobody talked about it at backyard barbecues. Nobody dreamed about it at night. Meet Fed, not a person. Fed is the system that watches money move. It sees what people buy. It sees what people believe. It doesn't make the rules. It just watches. In 2021, if you asked anyone about artificial intelligence, they would shrug. It existed somewhere. Google used it. Amazon used it. But it was boring. Background noise. Like the Wi-Fi router in the corner. Then something happened. In 2022, a company called Open AI released something called Chat GPT. Within one week, 1 million people tried it. Not thousands, 1 million. In just 7 days, people asked it to write birthday cards. It wrote them. They asked it to explain the stock market. It explained. They asked it silly questions. It answered everything. They felt something they had never felt before about technology. Wonder. Then excitement. Within months, everyone was talking about AI. Not just tech people. Everyone. The quiet router in the corner was now the brightest gadget in the room. And here's what happened next. Every company suddenly wanted to add two letters to their name. A and I. Coffee shop apps became AI powered coffee apps. Fitness trackers became AI fitness trackers. Simple tools that did nothing new started calling themselves AI enabled. Why? Because something magica
[...middle cut...]
hy is nobody making money yet? The question was quiet. The excitement was loud. People looked at their investment apps. They saw Nvidia stock. They saw AI company stocks. The numbers were going up, green everywhere. Everyone was making money on paper. The belief was simple and powerful. This time is different. AI cannot fail. If you don't invest now, you'll regret it forever. Fingers moved toward buy buttons. The router was still in the corner, but now everyone believed it would make them rich. Nobody was asking if it actually would. Nobody wanted to know. The game was too exciting to stop. The AI itself didn't suddenly become more profitable or useful. People just started believing it would

=== ID: bx8fSNxsVlk ===
TITLE: Is AI Making Books on Amazon Worse?
DESC: Justified Posteriors reads “AI and the Quantity and Quality of Creative Products” by Imke Reimers and Joel Waldfogel  https://empiricrafting.substack.com/p/is-ai-making-books-on-amazon-worse?utm_source=youtube
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 10
TRANSCRIPT: Welcome to the Justified Posteriors podcast, the podcast that updates its beliefs about the economics of AI and technology. I'm Seth Benzel, racing against the machine for authoral glory before AI transcends all human writers. coming to you from Chapman University in sunny Southern California. And I'm Andre Fratken. Looking forward to slop detection technologies all across all my media surfaces coming to you from San Francisco, California. Um Seth, yeah, how's it going, man? It's been a while since we've done a a paper episode. I know. I know. It's great to actually get back to our core of reading and analyzing a paper. And it's a particularly fun day to be thinking big exuberant thoughts about the quality of society improving because it's uh Marty GR. We're recording this on Fat Tuesday. I've got my James Carville shirt on. I got my Marty GR beads. Uh are you doing anything special for Marty GR this year? You know, Marty GR is not my religious holiday, but I am uh flying to Austin for a fun uh adventure there. So, I'm looking forward to that. Um but you know, for me, my sort of Mardigra was actually happened last week, which was the NBR digital economics and AI conference. What a transition. So, what what kind of what what parades and what crews were present at that conference? Well, we we we had the structural crew, we had the reduced form crew, we had the economists and then the business school professors, you know. No macroeconomist. My macro paper was uh was No, no, no. 
[...middle cut...]
you writing as a window into the soul of the author. Right. Yes. And uh for certain kinds of reading maybe that isn't important but for certain kinds of reading it is. And uh yeah, I mean I think Tyler Cowan talked about this is like do you really want to write the hundth read the hundth uh automatically generated biography about an imaginary person? No. Some of the value of the autobiography is in that it was a real person, right? Um so yes, in some form of of writing, uh collage doesn't get you there. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Well, this has been a fascinating conversation as always. Uh, keep your posteriors justified and, uh, sign up for our Discord, which you'll find in the show notes. Yes.

=== ID: 2fVZdAq9xrQ ===
TITLE: Bad AI Ads (ft. Gabi Belle)
DESC: Install Pie for free! ➡️ https://pie.org/pinely Block ads and earn rewards with Pie.  this video is about AI generated ads as the title suggests - I don't really know what to put in the description sometimes I feel like the title kinda sums it up well you know  Check out gabi belle  @itsgabibelle   Check out my second channel  @EvilPinely
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 453010
TRANSCRIPT: hello Gabby Bell how are you doing hello or pinley how are you doing as well I am doing okay this conversation was not started by AI yeah it's just two people who are trying to figure out how to talk so recently I was watching TV and when I was watching TV I got this very ad right here you love watching ads I've noticed a trend I love them if I could pay to watch more ads if uh Netflix had that option I'd go for that who am I I'm the one who can be 100 different investors all at once with e Toro I can be Grace a global Turk investor or Max a German local stock speci so here was my experience I watch this I don't really watch ads with a lot of intent it just kind of phased through through me yeah I didn't even realize this was an AI ad well I feel like it's mixed because there's no way they'd get the Berlin Market correct like that had to be fixed and crowns are non AI the people are definitely fake people but the people oh yeah they are for sure I could be young a passive dividend Hunter hey I could be David this David ah this David wow they censored they censored his penis for the ad no they don't even censor his penis in Animal Crossing if you if you're on Animal Crossing New Horizons and you get the statue of David his wiener is just out with e Toro you can be inspired by investors worldwide their knowledge their strategies all out be for the taking be the investor you want to be yeah I think I only caught this towards the end no I didn't catch this the person I was with w
[...middle cut...]
the desk M no you can't buy it anymore if you want to buy the desk mat uh Gabby's going to be Time Square uh selling it to people I'm going to give it to them and then ask for money after you're going to get you're going to be I'm going to be one of those actors in Time Square that's wearing like an Elmo suit forces you to take a picture with them and then is like money please just go to any person with an Elmo suit one of them would be Gabby bye evil pinley or I mean regular or it's regular pinley this time bye everyone hey guys pin's Grandma here if you don't subscribe I'm going to flip him off again oh here we go I'm flipping him off again cuz he didn't subscribe subscribe right now oh uh

=== ID: C6eXTvqdaro ===
TITLE: The AI Bubble Is On The Verge Of Collapse
DESC: 📊 How to Make $10,000/month Online LIVE Virtual Event (free): https://event.thewealthportal.com  History is repeating itself before our eyes, and nobody is paying attention.  In this video, I’m breaking down the truth behind what could be the next major stock market bubble and why the state of the AI industry might be the driving force behind it.   With investors throwing billions into AI and everyone convinced it’s a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, it’s crucial to understand what’s really fuell
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 5785345
TRANSCRIPT: - I want you to imagine for a moment that you started investing in 1998. The world's going mad for the internet. New companies are
popping up outta nowhere, and every investor is convinced they found the next big thing. So you take all your money and invest it in a few tech stocks just because they have
catchy dot-com names, and for a couple of years, your
money keeps going up and up and everyone thinks you're a genius until the year 2000. - [Reporter] Nothing
short of breathtaking. A points drop never before
seen on the US markets. Traders and investors shellshocked. And spare a gold for Bill Gates, the Wall Street collapse
cost the world's richest man $1.8 billion this week alone. - When the bubble burst,
the NASDAQ fell nearly 80%, and only 48% of dot-com
companies managed to survive. I watched many of my friends lose millions within a blink of an eye, and even though it was a
crash I'd half been expecting, my own investment still took a hit. The crazy part is, the internet
was the next big thing, but even then, the overconfidence and hype created one of the biggest
bubbles in history. So why am I telling you all this? Well, fast forward to today, and I can't help but feel
that same energy again, but this time, it's not
driven by the internet. It's AI. People are calling it a
once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, and maybe they're right, or maybe it's the same story
playing out all over again. "History doesn't repeat, but it rhymes." And every generation thinks
they found a new 
[...middle cut...]
bonds, precious metals like gold, real estate, and even cryptocurrency. It's also worth considering
dividend-paying stocks as they actually perform
well during downturns because they generate passive income even when prices are low. Just remember, this bubble bursting won't be the end of the world. If you understand situations like this, then you won't be the one panicking, and you'll be the one taking
advantage of the opportunities while everyone else is
running for the exit. If you wanna learn how to
benefit from a recession, then I'm gonna leave that
video right up there, but don't click on it just yet. Make sure to subscribe if
you want to grow your wealth. Okay, I'll see you over there.

=== ID: xeevYiRFwVk ===
TITLE: Laughing At TERRIBLE AI Music (Suno V4)
DESC: ok but how does this help my degree in dentistry Thanks to @Lazer_Chains  for coming up with terrible lyrics to balance out my god-tier ones :)   Minecraft-esc Music Used https://youtu.be/BZr2ysYiaqM?feature=shared Some other tracks by https://www.youtube.com/@npcminus All other tracks from various video game OSTs Thanks to @livebackwards for some of the genre recommendations for this vid :)  become a member maybeee :3 ► https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCY-PrcA-mjq3OhgsAH9C52A/join  Subscribe to
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 3818950
TRANSCRIPT: [Applause] [Music] [Applause] oh God is he drunk oh yes me and my friend wanted to see what I I would do if we wrote it some diabolical rap lyrics and it made some pretty bad songs but also some unexpected bangers on the on my right to have a wild night tonight the first genre of music we'll be trying is Happy Happy Hardcore po oh thank God before we start generating my friend is going to read out the lyrics he wrote for his Shrek rap wow we're really just getting into it yeah so nervous to go first all the pressures I'm it's only going to be seen by a few hundred thousand people don't worry yeah yeah no biggy no biggy I'm sick of you being far far away my house ain't no swamp girl you're going to want to stay push me off a cliff cuz you got me falling hard I'm packing something big like the opposite of far quad and no I ain't lying girl not like Pinocchio this nose ain't the only thing you good at making grow oh my God I don't want to fight cuz that just sucks don't be breathing don't be breathing fire when I'm dragging these nice nice girl you got the ass I'mma call you donkey I won't be happy till it's bouncing on top of me what this a family oh yes please I'll take all I can don't call me daddy cuz I'm the muffin man well huh oh yeah that okay it's good I'm worried about my own rap now but I feel like you put more effort in but we'll see about that when we in my next one I guess we got to make Shrek sing this mother hell yeah so the way this works is we use sunno to gener
[...middle cut...]
s nice voice clucky with a club A from friend are the dog hey oh yeah do comic couldn't let Scooby go the last line it's like actually I'm the most important person here he was the most violent in the whole time he just got all the like most aggressive lines just like shut the up shut up guys we already we already made something though yeah that was fun if you could describe this whole video in one word what would you say one chance the next word you say will be the last word of the whole video oh  my melody so fire I commit a flipping felony just by Brea and flip those haters they are dead to me out here in science class we learn in chemistry how is this going to help my degree in Dentistry

=== ID: tbhZAtMqLSw ===
TITLE: Character.ai Just DROPPED The WORST Update Ever… I’ll Explain Why
DESC: Join Our Discord Server! https://discord.gg/MNTSVCJbDd   Paradoxa ai Contact: https://calendly.com/paradoxa-ai/clients  Timestamps: 0:00 Context 00:36 Can -18 users talk to bots? 1:13 Is this only for the US? 1:33 I need to send my ID? 2:03 What happens to my data? 2:21 What happens to my account? 2:38 All of this is confirmed?    #characterai #ai #aibot #meme #funny #kpop
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 65501
TRANSCRIPT: A few days ago, Character AI said they were going to ask for our IDs to verify our age. People went crazy, but now the developers made a post clarifying things. But first, a little bit of context. The other day, Character AI said that the users under 18 years will have a limited chat time, just 2 hours per day, and that the way they were going to verify our age was by using apps that handle that and also by asking us for a selfie and ID. People went crazy, lots of users leaving the app. So because of that, Character AI made a post clarifying things. So let's start with the most asked questions by the users. Can underage users still talk to bots? It seems that eventually users under the age of 18 will no longer be able to talk to bots. And I'm not kidding. This was mentioned by a developer in the comments of the post. Starting November 25th, open-ended character chats won't be available to users under 18. [music] Instead, we're building new creative experiences like videos, stories, [music] and streams so teens can still enjoy characters in fun, safe ways. This is crazy. I don't know if it's 100% true because it would mean that younger users won't be able to chat anymore. I hope they clarify this in the future. Will this only apply to the United States? Short answer, no. This will be worldwide. A developer commented on this. While we are initially rolling out these changes to US users, we will ultimately roll them out globally over the next few months. That makes sense. They w
[...middle cut...]
efore. Is there any hope that all this won't happen? Well, a little. They say that technology is constantly changing and that maybe one day everything will go back to the way it was before. But for now, due to legal issues, this is the path they must follow. Honestly, this is pretty sad and I hope something can be done about it. [music] I think the worst part isn't the 2-hour limit, but that they're going to take away chats from a lot of people. Nobody wants to use streams or chat images. People use character AI because they want to chat. If you have any further questions, leave them in the comments and I'll look into it to help. Thank you for all your support. Catch you next video. Bye-bye.

=== ID: M8MmdsMBdDg ===
TITLE: I Bought Scam AI Dresses from Pinterest
DESC: Free $15 on me off your first purchase on Whatnot (can be used ANYWHERE on the app)  https://www.whatnot.com/invite/safiyany    💰 $1,000 GIVEAWAY! 💰  Includes a $500 Foot Massaging Ottoman as well as a variety of self-care treats, like a Medicube Beauty Wand, a Goth Skull Panda, and Cute Press On Nails (all curated by me!)   How to enter: sign up to Whatnot using my link and spend some or all of your free $15. To enter for free, comment your Whatnot username below. But why not spend your $15 fre
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 4325757
TRANSCRIPT: - Love boobs, hate hands. That's me. I am AI. (chuckles) (lively music) ♪ This is Safiya's new intro song ♪ - Hello, friends, and
welcome to another video. This week I'm gonna be buying
AI dresses from Pinterest to see what we actually get. Let me get scammed so you don't have to. Now as some of you guys might know, last year, we filmed a video
buying unrealistic dream gowns from Pinterest, which
as an OG Pinterest user, was one of my longtime dreams. And though we did find a
couple of real dresses on there that I honestly love, when we dipped our toes
into the questionable side of Pinterest listings, we did end up buying a dress that, unbeknownst to us at the time, was actually an AI image
masquerading as a real dress. Which when I see it now,
it seems so obvious, but at first glance, I
actually had no idea. And this does seem to be
an overwhelming phenomenon on Pinterest right now. Not only is there a wave of AI images as inspo pins across the site, but it seems like a lot of
the questionable dress sellers on Pinterest have started
using beautiful swirly, unrealistic AI images as listing photos, and then selling them to
unsuspecting customers. So beyond the usual concerns
with generative AI that most of us have, learning from existing artists and stealing their style and
content without their consent, replacing humans in creative jobs and environmental concerns amongst others, I am just waiting for the day I see an AI millennial
half-Asian couple vlogging at the Singapore A
[...middle cut...]
sses come from or the conditions under
which they were made, they just don't really
have the capabilities to recreate the weird, floaty, shiny tulle things that AI does. So I got scammed. Now you don't have to. A huge thank you to JoEllen for investigating these dresses with me. As a master dress maker, I have no doubt that she
could've done much better. I was gonna say maybe
that's the next video. - Yeah. Yeah.
- Making AI dresses in real life.
- But better. - But better.
- Yeah. - But better.
- Yeah. - It's like a Rosanna
Pansino X Joshua Weissman inspired frame, right? (group laughing) So lemme know if you'd like to see us do another collab. And with that, I will
see you guys a next time.

=== ID: YLkPyh7AQu8 ===
TITLE: I Tested 100+ AI Tools - Here Are THE WORST
DESC: #sponsored  Use code AIM30 to get 30% off Durable paid plans!  https://durableai.link/iamAImaster 🚀 Become an AI Master – All-in-one AI Learning https://whop.com/c/become-pro/ylqxkdp1c5k  AI tools are everywhere—but not all of them deliver real value for most users. In this video, I review AI products that are overhyped, overpriced, or have limited practical use: features that sound innovative but don't solve real problems, expensive gadgets with questionable ROI, and tools that may not be worth
KEYWORD: AI making internet worse
VIEWS: 1647
TRANSCRIPT: Today, I'm showing you AI products that, in our view, deliver poor value for most users. Pointless features nobody asked for, devices that don't work, and tools that are just right in the hype wave straight into your wallet. By the end of this video, you'll know exactly what to avoid and why this even exists in the first place. Let's get into it. First up, the Humane AI pen and the Rabbit R1. If you've been following tech news, you've probably heard of these. The Humane AI pen was this little wearable device that clips onto your shirt. It cost $700 and you had to pay a monthly subscription on top of that. The idea replace your phone with a voice assistant and a tiny projector. In third-party reviews and hands-on tests, users reported heat charging quirks. The projector was often hard to see in daylight and responses felt slower than just using a phone. Before we move on, I want to show you something that's actually been helpful while researching all this. I've been using the deep AI research inside AMS or Pro to track and analyze these AI products. Inside the platform, there is a curated AI digest that filters out the noise so I don't waste time reading every hype article. Then there's the Rabbit R1. This one was hyped as a standalone AI assistant device. It raised millions and funding, sold out in pre-orders, and then it launched. Developers demonstrated similar functionality running on Android. Reviewers argued the dedicated device added little beyond a phone. It had limite
[...middle cut...]
, not for user value. The result, a flood of AI clutters the market and buries genuinely useful tools. So here's the takeaway. Next time you see AI powered in an ad or product launch, ask yourself two questions. First, does this solve a real problem or is it just right in the hype? And second, could I do this with tools I already have? If the answer to the first question is no, or the answer to the second question is yes, then save your money. AI is incredibly powerful when it's used correctly. But slapping AI onto a product doesn't automatically make it better. In most cases, it just makes it more expensive, more complicated, more annoying. Thanks for watching. I'll see you in the next one.

=== ID: GsVTpXS8hIQ ===
TITLE: Why Structured Writing Sounds Like AI Now (And That’s a Problem)
DESC: Lately, I’ve been seeing a strange accusation show up more and more in my YouTube comments — apparently if a video has structure, context, and a clear argument, it must be AI. As someone who’s spent years studying literature, writing essays, and learning how to build arguments properly, I find that reaction both fascinating… and a bit depressing. Because the way I write my videos isn’t artificial intelligence. It’s just structured writing. It’s essay writing. It’s something people have been taug
KEYWORD: AI generated content problem
VIEWS: 2486
TRANSCRIPT: So maybe before accusing someone of being a robot, go touch some grass or better yet learn how to write. So something's happening in my YouTube comments and not just mine, countless other channels. And I think I need to say it once. Just once. Repeat after me. I say this only once. Apparently, I'm artificial intelligence now. Not as a joke. Not. Wow. This video was polished. No, no, no. According to some people in my comments, my scripts are written by a machine. My voice is synthetic and my opinions are apparently being assembled somewhere on a server farm instead of coming from my own brain. And I'm going to be very honest, I'm getting very tired of reading it. It's reductive at this point. So so tired that I actually started filtering certain words in my YouTube comments because after the 50th time someone writes the exact same thing, the conversation stops being interesting and just becomes repetitive background noise. But the funny thing is these comments don't show up on every video. They show up on videos where my opinion is going to be slightly controversial or controversial to some people. videos where someone disagrees with what I'm saying. Take something like the Milo Winter discussion for example. Suddenly the comment the same comment appears. This was written by AI. This was written by chat GBT. And I've even noticed the same account posting it repeatedly to the point I've started to suspect it was actually might actually be Milo Winter. So hi Milo. Which would b
[...middle cut...]
I'll talk about it because frankly, I have better things to do with my time than argue with conspiracy theories about my own existence. If you enjoy videos where someone actually explains their thinking and builds an argument, welcome. That's what this channel is. If you'd rather watch someone shout hot takes into a void, there's plenty of that on the internet, too. You can rot your brain somewhere else. But the idea that structured writing is artificial intelligence is ridiculous. AI didn't invent this way of writing, humans did, and we've been doing it for a long time. So maybe before accusing someone of being a robot, go touch grass. Or better yet, learn to write. It's not that difficult.

=== ID: UUXZJk2zE3c ===
TITLE: AI isn‘t the problem. Infinite content is.
DESC: In March 2026, WeChat introduced new rules restricting fully AI-generated and automated content publishing.  Many interpreted this as another example of China tightening control over technology.  That interpretation misses the point.  This is not about censorship.  This is about the survival of the content economy.
KEYWORD: AI generated content problem
VIEWS: 1
TRANSCRIPT: AI is not the problem. Infinite content is. For the first time in history, content supply is no longer limited by human effort. AI can generate thousands of articles, videos, and posts instantly. But human attention, it hasn't changed. So what happens when supply explodes, but demand stays fixed? You get inflation. Not monetary inflation content. inflation, more content, lower perceived quality, less trust. And when trust drops, the entire content ecosystem weakens. This is the real problem platforms are trying to solve. Not AI itself, but the consequences of infinite content. If you want the full breakdown, check the link below.

=== ID: MV9Ro8F_bqI ===
TITLE: AI Content Is Getting Way Too Realistic...
DESC: Thank you to Mint Mobile for partnering with us on this video! And for a limited time, you can get 50% off an unlimited premium wireless plan from Mint by visiting https://mintmobile.yt.link/2JtwvoP.  Limited time offer. Upfront payment of: $45 for 3-mo., $90 for 6-mo., or $180 for 12-mo. plan req’d ($15/mo. equiv.). Taxes & fees extra. Initial plan term only. More than 50GB may slow when network is busy. Capable device req'd. Availability, speed & coverage varies. See mintmobile.com.  I'm Visua
KEYWORD: AI generated content problem
VIEWS: 658061
TRANSCRIPT: These days, it's getting harder to tell what's real and what's AI generated. There's already thousands of fake videos all over the internet, and they look real. Can you tell the difference between AI and the real thing? If we can't discern the difference, between the real and the fake anymore, how are we meant to trust anything? Hi, I'm Tilly Norwood, the world's first AI actress, or as some might call me, the end of civilization. AI videos used to look absolutely ridiculous. But it's clearly getting scarier. It's only been a couple of years, but beginning to look so realistic that everyone is starting to worry. And this is [music] only the beginning of AI. Today, I'll break down real cases that show how powerful realistic AI has become and how easily it can be abused. [music] So, it is the new year and my goal is still the same. To increase the number of videos that I put out without sacrificing quality and to do that, we got to keep growing, guys. So, it would mean the world if you subscribe and I promise to make the best videos I possibly can for you. I'm Visual Venture and you are awesome. When AI videos stopped looking fake, everyone likes to say they can recognize an AI video instantly, but the truth is most people can, most especially the older generation that's not online like us. And one YouTube clip proved it. The clip was titled German Shepherd Saves Kid from Eagle Attack. It hit 47 million views in just two months. The video showed an eagle grabbing a little boy. 
[...middle cut...]
what are the chances that regular people can? AI isn't the problem. It's the people behind it. When technology this [music] powerful falls into the wrong hands, it becomes a weapon. So, my friends, always question [music] what you see on the news, on social media, because you're probably already consuming lies as we speak and you don't even know it. visual venture. Wait, if you guys like this video, I have another one about creepy AI websites that shouldn't exist. We talk about an AI software that tracks your exact location from any photo and an AI girlfriend that convinced a [music] man to end someone's life. Click here to watch it. And thank you guys for supporting me this new year. Peace.

=== ID: 8fVIkOXgd8Y ===
TITLE: Why AI Voices in Arc Raiders is a Problem
DESC: Arc Raiders is a PvPvE third-person extraction shooter that’s been developed and published by Embark Studios that released October 30 2025. The game has come under scrutiny after Eurogamer released their review of Arc Raiders and criticized the use of AI voice actors. Tim Sweeney, CEO of Epic Games, responded to this review with AI positive sentiments and avoiding any conversations about the ethical impact of AI usage. Here's the full breakdown on what you need to know.  Follow me! Twitch: https
KEYWORD: AI generated content problem
VIEWS: 13188
TRANSCRIPT: Arc Raiders has been out since October 30th, almost two weeks. And while most people have been praising this take on an extraction shooter, others have been less keen on it for a number of reasons. Arc Raiders is a PVPVE thirdp person extraction shooter that's been developed and published by Embark Studios. Humanity has retreated to underground cities to escape the surface world that's been overrun by arcs or intelligent robots who seem to simply want to destroy all humans. You're part of the group of raiders who go to the surface to scavenge the war torn earth to get precious scrap and supplies to bring back to the underground. So essentially, like all extraction shooters, the whole gameplay loop is about you looting as many things as will fit in your backpack and getting out of the match. Yes, there are quests you can pick up from vendors, but they're all aimed at you looting specific items or fixing a broken radio antenna here and there. Look, Arc Raiders is a fine extraction shooter. It doesn't do anything extraordinary from the genre rather than have a unique non-military sim setting. Escape from Tarov suffers from being known as the hardcore extraction experience where you have to crank up the audio to be hyper alert and understand that the guns reflect their real life counterparts and gameplay can be more siml-like than anything else. Arc Raiders is more appealing to the general shooter audience since it features vibrant settings, modernized movement, and simplified me
[...middle cut...]
rk Studios, boasted that the finals boosted their revenue by 78% in the fourth quarter of the 2023 to 2024 fiscal year in North America and Europe. So, Embark has been successful and is doing quite well for themselves. According to CB Insights, Embark Studios was valued at $291 million in July 2019 after Nexon acquired them for $96 million. With the amount of eyes on Embark now with the popularity of our graders, I would hope that this will encourage the studio to be an example of finding the right balance between using AI tools and paying voice actors fairly and with respect to their talents if Embark continues their trend of using AI voices. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next

=== ID: Bs_VjCqyDfU ===
TITLE: What Happens When All Training Data is AI Generated?
DESC: The machine learning consultancy: https://truetheta.io True Theta blog: https://truetheta.io/concepts/ Join my email list for useful articles: https://truetheta.substack.com/  HRT  Hudson River Trading is where cutting-edge technology meets world-class trading. Leveraging one of the world’s most sophisticated computing environments for AI/ML research, HRT empowers the sharpest quantitative minds to collaboratively solve the most complex problems in tech and trading. Find open roles here: http://
KEYWORD: AI generated content problem
VIEWS: 46880
TRANSCRIPT: Hey everyone, this is DJ. I run the machine learning consultancy Truth Data. And in this video, we're asking what is going to happen to AI models when their training data is produced by previous AI models. We have to answer this question because the amount of AI generated data on the internet is exploding. And it's only going to become harder and harder to differentiate AI data from real data produced directly by people. The reality is people make money with content and AI produces the cheapest content. So, we should expect this trend to continue. Also, there are almost no digital environments which are fully insulated from AI. It doesn't matter where you came across a written paragraph on the internet, you can't be sure it was authored by a human. And in all likelihood, the probability that it was authored by a human will go down over time. Now, this is a channel about machine learning, so we're going to leave the dystopian imagery of an AI synthesized internet aside and instead focus on the serious modeling challenge that this creates. I like the analogy of a snake eating its own tail. The snake is the model and let's say its length is the model's intelligence. The snake can get bigger by consuming prey and the model gets smarter by consuming real data. But the snake can't get bigger by eating itself. In the same way, the model can't get smarter by consuming its own output. And historically, the internet is the real world for AI models. So, as it gets loaded with AI generat
[...middle cut...]
roach AI companies will acrue and protect real data. However, a consequence of this is that highquality verifiably real data will become a separated valuable resource. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if companies emerge whose sole product is curating, auditing, and certifying real world uncontaminated data. That said, the problem of model collapse won't be totally avoidable. It'll contribute to a slowing of AI progress. Now, there are a lot of factors determining the future of AI model performance, so I won't be too specific here, but for this reason and some others, I think we'll see more shallow gains in model performance over the next three years. Okay. That's it. I'll see you next time.

=== ID: ijcqX2SNnUc ===
TITLE: Your Content Sounds Like AI. Here Is How to Fix It.
DESC: Every time you publish AI-generated content without editing it, you are teaching your audience to ignore you. Here is what AI-slop actually is, why it is killing your credibility, and the exact steps to use AI without sounding like everyone else.  #aicontent #personalbrand #contentcreation
KEYWORD: AI generated content problem
VIEWS: 5
TRANSCRIPT: How 
 or 
 you 
 reading 
 consequence 
 slop 
 social 
 version 
 public. 
 all 
 you 
 So, 
 term 
 generated 
 at 
 clicks, 
 generate 
 informing, 
 audience. 
 tool 
 starting 
 they 
 content. 
 impersonal 
 neutral, 
 avoids 
 topic 
 Sometimes 
 it. 
 phrases 
 from 
 speaking 
 experiences. 
 can 
 interchangeable. 
 drop 
 topic 
 change. 
 padded 
 fast-paced 
 leverage 
 specificity 
 forget 
 formula 
 over 
 longer 
 certain 
 pivotable, 
 fluff. 
 dashes. 
 and 
 The 
 perfection 
 content. 
 grammar 
 perfect, 
 writing 
 And 
 content 
 aren't 
 lived 
 very 
 you 
 give 
 >> It's 
 constantly 
 that 
 wondering, 
 helps 
 one 
 Once 
 a 
 start 
 when 
 to 
 takes 
 to 
 on 
 watches 
 AI, 
 didn't 
 to 
 don't 
 content 
 have 
 do 
 that 
 you 
 because 
 no 
 it. 
 no 
 like 
 start 
 even 
 try 
 attracts 
 optimized 
 that 
 you, 
 move 
 your 
 interactions 
 strangers 
 convert 
 So 
 first 
 yourself. 
 you 
 five 
 or 
 to 
 You 
 ideas, 
 decides 
 structure 
 yours. 
 output. 
 draft. 
 Delete 
 in 
 your 
 insights, 
 and 
 actually 
 lived 
 explain. 
 specificity 
 it's 
 than 
 you 
 this 
 content 
 simple 
 robot? 
 read 
 sound 
 your 
 can't 
 shortcuts, 
 don't, 
 because 
 will 
 that.

=== ID: 5FScmwgDr-s ===
TITLE: There’s More Information Than Ever… So Why Is There Less Clarity?
DESC: There’s no shortage of information anymore.  News, social media, AI-generated content, opinions — it’s constant.  But more information hasn’t brought more clarity.  In many cases, it’s done the opposite.  This video breaks down the first part of that problem — the noise, the repetition, and the patterns that shape what we see and how we react.  This is Part 1 of a series exploring what’s actually changing, and how to stay clear through it.  Start here → https://thequietmap.ca
KEYWORD: AI generated content problem
VIEWS: 1
TRANSCRIPT: There's more information than ever, but less clarity. And most people can feel that, even if they can't explain it. Everywhere you look, there's something trying to get your attention. Headlines, posts, videos, opinions, and it doesn't stop. Different angles, different stories, different versions of the same event. And the more you take in, the harder it gets to tell what actually matters. And yes, this is by design because it's not just information anymore. It's repetition. The same ideas, the same tone showing up again and again until it starts to feel like truth. And at the same time, some things barely show up at all. They don't trend. They don't spread. They just stay quiet. So people react to what's loud and miss what's not. That's where the confusion comes from. But once you notice it, you start to step back. You stop reacting to everything and you start seeing patterns instead. And that's where clarity starts. Not in more information, but in how you see it. Most people don't realize they're being pulled in every direction. Together we thrive.

=== ID: Y3JZdJlwomE ===
TITLE: Grok AI model still generating sexualized content after changes
DESC: On Elon Musk’s social media platform X, the Grok AI image generation reply bot has been changed to be for paying customers only and appears to be restricted from making sexualized deepfakes after recent outcry. But in the Grok standalone app and other spaces, users can still use AI to remove clothing from images of nonconsenting people. NBC News’ Kevin Collier talks with Gadi Schwartz about the changes.   For more context and news coverage of the most important stories of our day, click here: ht
KEYWORD: AI generated content problem
VIEWS: 33617
TRANSCRIPT: WE 
 TA 
 AI 
 HO 
 TH 
 NO 
 DE 
 GE 
 LI 
 TR 
 LO 
 YO 
 TO 
 RE 
 BR 
 OR 
 IT 
 US 
 ST 
 NE 
 RE 
 BE 
 DI 
 AI 
 IS 
 QU 
 BI 
 DI 
 GE 
 IM 
 CI 
 AN 
 CO 
 RE 
 BU 
 LI 
 PE 
 TH 
 >> 
 SA 
 TH 
 AN 
 LE 
 PE 
 TH 
 KI 
 DE 
 DE 
 TH 
 WA 
 FO 
 OF 
 JU 
 A  
 ST 
 ST 
 DI 
 TH 
 OF 
 RE 
 OV 
 IN 
 TE 
 AB 
 BO 
 TH 
 FU 
 IN 
 AR 
 WE 
 >> 
 WE 
 PU 
 TH 
 ST 
 TH 
 SU 
 KN 
 LI 
 SE 
 RI 
 >> 
 YO 
 RE 
 CA 
 NO 
 LA 
 FO 
 CR 
 NO 
 VI 
 RE 
 CO 
 YE 
 CR 
 NO 
 IM 
 PE 
 TH 
 TE 
 BE 
 TO 
 BE 
 DO 
 DO 
 IT 
 WE 
 SO 
 FE 
 PH 
 MO 
 MO 
 OF 
 >> 
 AS 
 SE 
 TH 
 TH 
 ST 
 NO 
 WH 
 TH 
 DR 
 WI 
 GE 
 LA 
 >> 
 TH 
 ON 
 AR 
 TH 
 HA 
 GU 
 AN 
 EL 
 EF 
 RE 
 OF 
 PE 
 EN 
 X 
 PR 
 IN 
 YE 
 SU 
 TH 
 IN 
 WA 
 TH 
 OV 
 CO 
 AN 
 SU 
 PO 
 ST 
 DA 
 NU 
 MU 
 DO 
 PO 
 IM 
 TH 
 SE 
 IN 
 DO 
 TO 
 AS 
 TU 
 TH 
 TH 
 SE 
 ST 
 SI 
 TH 
 SO 
 ST 
 SI 
 TO 
 NO 
 >>

=== ID: BLrfS1BAL9M ===
TITLE: YouTube is DEMONETIZING AI Channels!
DESC: ►YouTube is demonetizing AI automated channels for "inauthentic content. YouTube automation has been taking over YouTube, with some YouTubers managing over 10 fully automated AI channels. It seems like YouTube is cracking down on this type of mass produced content. Let me know what you guys think about this situation in the comments below.  ►BECOME A MEMBER AND JOIN THE CHANNEL:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfZE3QN9ZJuvwvAg7A0aTEA/join  ►Thank you so much for watching, if you enjoyed the vi
KEYWORD: AI generated content problem
VIEWS: 62715
TRANSCRIPT: So, it seems like YouTube is demonetizing automated channels on the platform. Now, I have to admit, this has been a whirlwind of emotions for me because I've actually been flip-flopping on this issue a little bit. At first, I thought this was a case of YouTube's AI moderation being crazy as usual, demonetizing people left and right. But when I looked into it more, a lot of the people that are talking about getting demonetized are actually just YouTube automation channels. They are fully using AI to make their content. They are mass-producing content on the platform. I am going to point out a few people who I believe were incorrectly demonetized like this Kitsu person over here. But for the most part, it seems like a lot of these people were actually correctly demonetized. So the first person I wanted to focus on is this person named I Mateo. So they basically tweeted at YouTube saying, "Dear YouTube, hundreds of creators worldwide have been demonetized over the past few weeks under vague, inauthentic content claims, no warnings, no explanations, no human review." And they basically said that they run a 100% original, fully researched, scripted, and edited channel. No AI, no automation, no templates, full YPP compliance. I even published a video documenting my entire process step by step. Still blocked from appealing. Now, if you go and look at the actual imagery they provided, nowhere does it say that their main IO channel was demonetized. So, I would like if they could inclu
[...middle cut...]
e people that are specifically saying on Twitter that they got demonetized did actually get demonetized directly. A lot of them seems to be YouTube automated channels, YouTube AI channels, and it seems like YouTube is actually cracking down on that type of content. But that being said, as I've said in so many different videos, YouTube has a lot of flaws that they need to fix, especially when it comes to their AI moderation, especially when it comes to falsely banning YouTube creators. Let me know what you guys' thoughts are on the situation in the comments. It seems like YouTube is cracking down on automated channels. Please leave a like on the video if you enjoyed it and subscribe for more.

=== ID: J7b4AJ9BhTA ===
TITLE: Grok AI Has a Gooner Problem - Bubble Brief
DESC: Elon Musk's Twitter/X AI Grok is currently trending due to the images people are generating with it. Many are angry at the irresponsibility of Elon Musk and xAI for not having sufficient guardrails and making the feature too accessible, like with the edit button on every image on Twitter.  If this helped you, drop a like and sub for more videos ദ്ദി・ᴗ・)  #twitter #elonmusk #drama
KEYWORD: AI generated content problem
VIEWS: 21540
TRANSCRIPT: Twitter's AI Grock is currently trending [music] for unsavory reasons as recently people have been using it to edit photos posted by women to put them in more revealing clothing and appropriate poses. If you go to the media tab, the Grock account, it's almost entirely these kinds of edits. The trend seems to have started from content creators editing their own images to boost engagement, but people are now using seen on photos posted by any women, already suggestive or not. Well, Grock is way less censored than other image generators, denying almost no prompts and arguably bigger factors the accessibility as not only can you at Grock under any image to edit it, but as of a few days ago, every image on Twitter now has a dedicated edit button, making editing images as simple and obvious as possible. While many hope the platform will face legal consequences, Grock was previously on the news for generating inappropriate videos of celebrities, and nothing came of that, so who knows? That's under [music] a minute. See you next time.

=== ID: NiMgFZsX_tY ===
TITLE: AI Is Slowly Destroying Itself (No One Noticed)
DESC: What happens when AI starts learning from… itself?  In this video, we break down a growing problem in artificial intelligence called “model collapse.” As more AI-generated content fills the internet, newer AI systems are increasingly trained on outputs created by older AI.  This creates a loop where errors, simplifications, and missing details begin to compound over time.  In this explainer, you’ll learn:  How AI models are trained Why AI-generated data is becoming a problem What “model collapse
KEYWORD: AI generated content problem
VIEWS: 1
TRANSCRIPT: Every time you copy something, it gets worse. Now imagine this happening to the entire internet. Right now, AI is learning from AI, not humans. And it's starting to break. AI models like chat GPT don't think like us. They learn by reading massive amounts of data, billions of pages, articles, and conversations. But here's the problem. The internet is no longer just human content. A huge portion of it is already generated by AI, which means the next generation of AI is being trained on the output of previous AI. It's a loop, a self-consuming loop. So what happens when a system learns only from itself? Researchers tested this. They trained an AI using only its own generated content. At first, everything looked normal. But then something strange happened. By the ninth cycle, the system completely broke. A simple historical topic turned into meaningless nonsense about random colored rabbits. No logic, no facts, just noise. This is called model collapse and it happens in two stages. First, the system starts losing rare information. It focuses only on the most common patterns. Anything unique slowly disappears. Then small errors begin to multiply. A mistake becomes a pattern. A pattern becomes a fact. And over time, the system starts believing its own errors. The result, a model that looks intelligent, but is actually drifting away from reality. This isn't just a technical problem. It can affect code security and real world systems. In some tests, AI generated code became less secure over time, even when it was asked to improve, because the system couldn't recognize its own mistakes. Here's the real issue. AI doesn't know when it's wrong. If there's no human correction, it treats its output as truth. And slowly, it builds a distorted version of reality. So, no, AI isn't destroying the internet. It's copying it until nothing real is left. And the only thing stopping that is us. Human ideas, human creativity, human input. If humans stop creating, AI doesn't evolve. It collapses.

=== ID: k1VDUGUFan0 ===
TITLE: This AI generated YouTube channel is the warning you need...
DESC: I recently discovered that one of my favourite YouTube channels is completely AI made — scripts, voices, distribution, everything.  🎥 Free Workshop with Daniel Priestley → https://bit.ly/3KlfWgv  And it has millions of views.  Over the next year or two, AI-generated content is going to flood every platform. People will enjoy it. They’ll engage with it. And it will quietly take up attention at scale.  That creates a serious problem for business owners.  In a world where you can’t trust your eyes 
KEYWORD: AI generated content problem
VIEWS: 12193
TRANSCRIPT: I discovered something terrifying the other day that one of my favorite YouTube channels is actually completely AI generated and it's had over 4 and a half million views in just a very short space of time. And this has broader implications for what it means for you, your personal brand, and your business. It's called sleepy history. It's a history lesson to fall asleep to. And it actually is really good for me. It turns my brain to mush and then I go out to sleep. And what's interesting is I had a look into this. Every script is AI generated. All the voices are from 11 Labs. It's distributed through AI tools that kind of distribute it. I found it because of an AI algorithm. Everything about this particular channel is AI generated. Now, I had a look the other day and it's only a few months old and it's already had 4 and a half million views on all of the episodes and they come out with a new episode every day or every two days. It's probably a tiny little team somewhere in the world, two, three people using AI to create a incredibly valuable YouTube channel that I really enjoy. I listen to it every night now. I'm in kind of in the habit of falling asleep to a history lesson. Now, the interesting thing is that I'm not buying from that business or getting to trust that business because I know that it's AI generated. [music] But what it is doing is it's taking up my attention. So, here's what's weird. We are entering the era where a lot of the content that people love and enjoy a
[...middle cut...]
re you and give you the playbook as to how you can get over all resistance and start building your personal brand. I really want you to do it in the year ahead. I want you to have thousands of people who know you, like you, trust you, and want to buy from you. They notice that you exist. They get to know you online and then they buy from your business. And I really want to give you the playbook as to how to do that. There'll be a link somewhere around here. Please register. I would love to see you at my workshop so that we can explore this strategy together before it's too late. If you've enjoyed that video, please give this a like and a subscribe. Leave me a comment. I hope to see you soon.

=== ID: wxEpPin8MWw ===
TITLE: How AI and deepfakes are changing politics | BBC News
DESC: Politicians including US President Joe Biden and Mayor of London Sadiq Khan have found themselves victims of deepfakes.  These are fake images or audio recordings generated by artificial intelligence and have spread rapidly across social media.   Although, there are politicians across the world who have not only embraced this technology but used it on themselves.   For many, it has raised concerns about public trust in politicians.   This video is from BBC Click, the BBC’s flagship technology pr
KEYWORD: AI generated content problem
VIEWS: 116348
TRANSCRIPT: pop star Taylor Swift and politicians such as US President Joe Biden count it's important that you save your vote for the November election UK labor leader Kia starma sick of and London's mayor sadique Khan have all found themselves victims of deep fakes in recent months I control the Met police they will do as the mayor of London tells them and Obey orders whether it's fake explicit images or audio recordings of conversations that haven't ever happened dodgy deep fakes created using readily available AI powered tools have spread like wildfire across social media sewing seeds of mistrust and blurring the lines between reality and often malicious fiction but in this confused and confusing landscape what happens when politicians use deep fake technology themselves to find out we need to take a trip from the Big Smoke to the Big Apple attentions focused here in lower manatt New York City Hall it's become almost commonplace for Bad actors to deep fake politicians but it's unusual for politicians to deep fake themselves that's something that the mayor of New York has actually done towards the end of last year mayor of New York Eric Adams revealed in a press conference that he'd used deep fake technology to make a series of automated or Robo calls to NYC residents in these calls which mainly promoted the hiring of venues owned by the city the mayor was able to speak a variety of languages including Mandarin Cantonese and Spanish using deep fake Tech these actions have raised more t
[...middle cut...]
ceased um previous leader coming back to endorse one of the candidates president Indonesia but in the Argentinian elections late last year we saw both candidates using AI generated images to depict the opponents as weak but also to embolden themselves making them look like heroes or strong men my concern I guess is that if we do start to see politicians really embracing this and this is becoming a much more high volume form of political communication it will lead to increasing distrust in media of politicians more broadly there's an estimated 2 billion people voting in elections across the globe this year the stakes have never been higher when it comes to determining political fact from fake

=== ID: fNmuyixB-nc ===
TITLE: Feasting on AI Slop: The Generative AI Content Problem
DESC: How easy is it to go onto a generative AI tool, punch in a few lines, and have a video ready to download and upload to social media? Too easy, if you ask most people. In this episode, we discuss the AI slop phenomenon that has taken over social media platforms like YouTube, TikTok, and Facebook. We discuss how much AI-generated content has flooded our video feeds, how we feel this tarnishes the real creative potential of generative AI, and a few ways you might be able to keep it off your feed an
KEYWORD: AI generated content problem
VIEWS: 15
TRANSCRIPT: Good morning or good afternoon, whatever time you guys are listening to this. Welcome back to another edition of the Layman's AI podcast. I am Adam and my name is Brian and we want to welcome you guys to episode 44 of the Layman's AI podcast. Uh, and I want to start by uh following up with last week's uh episode uh because there's been uh two personal developments with regards to last week's episode. If you remember, last week's episodes was AI tools uh you may not know about and we played around with some of them. Um and we had we did it live. So, as always, when you do things live, there's a couple uh snafoos here or there. And I want to talk about Dreamcore. If you guys remember, uh, we made a quick video game. It was a carrot that shot bananas at gumdrops from Saturn. And during the game, I couldn't move the spaceship. Um, so, uh, it just kept firing. And I wanted to follow up with everybody to let you know. All I had to do was to fix that was put in one line of additional prompt. It literally just right there. And I said, "I can't move the spaceship. Could you allow me to move it with the arrow keys?" And I mean, I must have waited 40 seconds and boom, it worked perfectly. Yeah. Yeah, that's um Yeah, keep prompting. Yeah. Oh, speaking of prompting, speaking of prompting, the other thing I've been using Flumpt daily uh since that episode to help me design my prompts. So, once again, I want to point out this is a non-paid a non-paid episode, but as always, if you want to p
[...middle cut...]
e come in and they actually do shoot a video first or they make some drawings first and everything and they actually do it themselves and then they say, "Okay, AI, let's take what I given you. Now, let's turn it into this way." Okay. And that human touch, I think, is going to go a long way to becoming creative with AI as opposed to generating AI slop essentially. I think you're right. I think you're right on that one. But either way, um I think that about wraps us up for the evening. Um I'd like to give everybody a big thank you for taking your time out of your day to listen to us. Uh, my name is Brian and I'm Adam and you have been listening to the layman's AI and we will see you next time.

=== ID: oMhJ026VXUg ===
TITLE: Will AI Rule or Ruin the Movies?
DESC: Actors and writers are scared to get replaced by AI. But is the technology even good enough yet? Why Hollywood is on strike, how it will affect the movie industry worldwide – and your own watching habits.    #AI #actorsstrike  #hollywood  #bollywood  #Tech  #screenwriters
KEYWORD: AI ruining everything
VIEWS: 1401
TRANSCRIPT: how will AI change the entertainment industry can I see my favorite actor in any movie I want no more impatiently waiting for new releases will Air rule or ruin the movies imagine putting Tom Cruise's or Shahrukh Khan's face in any film you like it's possible with the help of AI but Hollywood actors also want it could be an existential threat it's one of the reasons why they have been striking but how good is AI really and what does it mean for us users when actors and writers get replaced by AI can AI replace actors this is the real Harrison Ford in the latest Indiana Jones movie and this is him 45 years younger in the same movie courtesy of AI it shocks viewers sometimes but de-aging famous actors in blockbuster movies has become part of the day-to-day business in Hollywood remember the young Princess Leia's face in the Star Wars movie Rogue one in 2016. for the new Adriana Jones movie Ford's face was recorded with motion capture software then his face got de-aged machine learning helped to analyze years of footage of Ford imagine the future actors could live on screen and appear in new movies forever that's what the actors on strike criticize they say Studios planned that background performance should be able to be scanned get paid for one day's pay and their company should own that scan and should be able to use it for the rest of Eternity in any project they want with no consent and no compensation payment for one day performing forever do you you think that's fair scrip
[...middle cut...]
ensated when their faces and voices are reused what's worrying them could also affect you the question is really do we own the right to our own image and voice how can you benefit from creative AI hyper personalization is the buzzword here AI can help give you the exact product you want it can put your favorite star in your own personalized movie ad with the help of AI Bollywood actor Shahrukh Khan has promoted thousands of small shops in India with his image and voice and if you're watching dub movies you might soon hear AI generated dubbing voices companies claim they could for example replicate Morgan Freeman's voice to speak perfect Spanish so do you think AI will rule or ruin the movies

=== ID: Gimw0n3VSeo ===
TITLE: Does AI Ruin Our Relationships? (Analysing ChatGPT's Communication Advice)
DESC: Come to my free webinar to learn more: https://cupofempathy.com/free-webinar/  00:00 Introduction   00:50 Layla's Message  01:40 ChatGPT's Response 06:45 Sam's Message 15:20 Alternatives to work through triggers  Stay up to date for events and videos by following me: https://facebook.com/cupofempathy https://www.instagram.com/cupofempathy/  Disclaimer: I am not a licensed therapist or medical professional. The content shared in these videos is for educational and informational purposes only and 
KEYWORD: AI ruining everything
VIEWS: 1605
TRANSCRIPT: So using chat GBT for advice on how to communicate 
with people who triggered us is likely to create   disconnection between you and them up to a point 
that I would even use the word polarizing from   what I've experienced myself with. And I'm going 
to prove this to you by working with a fictitious   situation between two friends who are each sharing 
with Chachibi. I used two different accounts. Um,   what happened between them? And we're going to see 
I'm going to analyze how that uh how that works.   And I'm going to give you some better alternatives 
in case you're triggered, in case you want to   work through something and talk about something 
with someone, how you can make that go smooth. Okay. So, we're going to start with Leila. Uh, 
and this is literally I'm going to read it because   this is literally what I put into Chachi PT so you 
can get the accurate version. So, she's saying,   "My friend needed babysitting for her kids. I'm 
out of a job, so it seems like I have a lot of   time, but the reality is that finding a job is a 
full-time job, one that I hate, and I'm also kind   of depressed, so everything is difficult. But I 
do want to help her, and I do love the kids. So,   I'm coming over to help, but I'm there the 
whole day, and there's no proper food for a   meal." And she didn't tell me that. Otherwise, 
I would have picked up some food on the way.   This is not the first time it goes like that 
and it makes me not want to help out again and   I want to 
[...middle cut...]
 to learn 
how to communicate better life   um come to my next webinar I have different 
themes running so I won't say which one is   coming up next cuz I don't know when you'll 
be watching this video, but I'll put a link   here. During those webinars, I give you more 
step-by-step things and you can also ask me   your specific challenges in communication and 
relationship and I'll help you with that. Let   me know what's your experience with GGBT in 
the comments. Let me know what you learned,   what you picked up from this video that you didn't 
know already. I'm curious to hear that. If you   want any other themes discussed, let me know as 
well. And I'll see you in the next video. Ciao.

=== ID: cEElUtwv8yw ===
TITLE: NVIDIA Is Genuinely Ruining Everything
DESC: In this video I talk about the many reasons i have to hate on NVIDIA. I share some personal experiences with buying a graphics card along with making some other points. They are a very annoying company and wont stop talking about AI. Things like Chat GPT and such.  - - - - -
KEYWORD: AI ruining everything
VIEWS: 26487
TRANSCRIPT: You know that really big corporation that is basically forgetting about consumers altogether because AI makes up 90% of their profit? Oh, that's Nvidia. They made over $50 billion on it just last year. And who needs affordable graphics cards or RAM for that matter when we have AI? AI. AI AI. I used to generally think that things like ChatGpt or anything to do with AI was pretty cool and could actually be useful, but at this point, I'm genuinely so tired of it being shoved down my throat when I'm trying to use literally any service anymore. And more often than not, the built-in AI to literally anything does a pretty [ __ ] job at doing what it's supposed to do. Like, no, Google. I do not want your help writing the script to this video. No, no, no. Like, [ __ ] you. Genuinely. Now that we have that out of the way, I want to talk about my personal experience with buying a new graphics card. So, around 8 months ago, I wanted to buy a new graphics card for my computer. I wanted to upgrade my old 3060 to something newer and better. I would have bought a 9070 XT or something AMD had to offer, but I ended up settling for what seemed to be the best value. Due to me using a lot of creative apps and generally doing a lot of recording and rendering, I decided to settle for a 5070 Ti, which by the way is for some reason almost 50% better than a 5070. And there's no way I'm buying a 5080 for what would have been $500 more to roughly get 10 to 15% more performance with no added VRAM, by the
[...middle cut...]
lso, there is a new driver that got released that has been causing even more of these crashes in black screens. Currently, I am on what is supposed to be the most stable driver from a while ago. Um, but they still happen from time to time. And at this point, I'm just going to give up trying to fix this issue because sometimes they go away for two to three weeks at a time and sometimes they happen multiple times a day. It doesn't matter if I'm doing something intensive. It doesn't matter what I do. The 50 series are genuinely just such a mess. But they don't really care because why should they when AI is the only thing that they are focusing on? So yeah, that's all for this video and goodbye.

=== ID: 9jW1_bti3XQ ===
TITLE: Why AI Could Ruin Religion...
DESC: In this video, we talk about what AI means for religion, art, and life. The prophets and apostles have warned us, and we are taking the warning seriously. ALLEN IVERSON IS A THREAT TO RELIGION EVERYWHERE (not really Allen is one of our favorite players ever and we love you all :)   #theology #mormons #mormonism #ldstheology #religion #podcast #allthoseinfavor #ai #artificialintelligence
KEYWORD: AI ruining everything
VIEWS: 5754
TRANSCRIPT: All those in favor, welcome to today's video. Today we're talking about AI, talking about artificial intelligence, not Allen Iverson as some people might think. Are you serious? Did you prepare to talk about prep for Alen Iverson? We can talk about Alen Iverson. I'm I'm happy. He's one of my favorite players ever because he's Mormon, right? I don't I asked Chad GBD. I said he's a member. And that leads us right into the actual topic of discussion. the asked chat GPT. The reason we want to talk about this is because we're having more and more prophets and apostles talk about it. They're giving us warnings. And more and more of our boomer parents are getting freaking scammed, bro. Yeah, dude. That's scary. Scary stuff, dude. And this like our video that we did on aliens. We don't have much to react to. We don't have much to to combat or to argue against. We're just talking about what this is. So, this is one of those areas where I feel it's going to be massively important to have living prophets and apostles, seers, revelators. This is like the role of a seer. If you go through the scriptures, you're going to find very little that's helpful for you with regards to AI. This is not something that biblical writers had in mind when they're offering us counsel. Obviously, there are principles that we can apply to our lives that will help us navigate AI questions, but the role of prophets and apostles throughout this AI revolution is going to be massive. Like, you just think about wh
[...middle cut...]
. We actually set up I didn't tell you this. I set up a little AI um bot to just like respond to all of our emails. So yeah. So yeah. Okay. If you if you send us an email [laughter] or a DM, you'll just get some AI slop response that doesn't care about you personally at all. Um, all those in favor, please manifest by hitting the like button. Also subscribing. Most of you aren't subscribing. I looked at the stats. The vast majority of you, not vast, the slight majority of you are are watching and not subscribed. That's the statistical likelihood. So, all those in favor, please manifest by hitting the subscribe button. All those opposed, please manifest by the same sign. We'll catch you later.

=== ID: lwsWFlARubA ===
TITLE: How AI is ruining Hollywood | ARIS NEWS UPDATE
DESC: Check out last episode where we talked about the Threads vs. Twitter rivalry: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtAUFBbtU0Y    On this week's episode: discover how AI is causing Hollywood to pause operation, learn about Elon Musk's groundbreaking xAI company, and some of the amazing new features of iOS 17 beta! ______________ FOLLOW US AT: ➤ Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/arisreporter/  ➤ TikTok: https://www.tiktok.com/@arisreporter ➤ Facebook: https://bit.ly/46DP7u7  ➤ LinkedIn: www.linkedi
KEYWORD: AI ruining everything
VIEWS: 702
TRANSCRIPT: KPMG is making a 2 billion dollar investment in AI. Hollywood production is being transformed by artificial intelligence. There will be an impact on jobs. What we call artificial intelligence is the top where we've gotten to. Well, will it? It's not as simple as a yes or no, and honestly we don't know the answer to that either. But we do know what is going on in the world where AI is battling against human intellectual. Now imagine the future where you go to the movies or go to different movies, yet you see the same background cast, the same people in airports in this movie, and the same people in cafes in a different movie. And I'm not talking about animation, these background actors will live on as an identity, as an asset, very grim future for acting and cinema and the film industry as a whole. And this future begins at the big C. Do you have the slightest idea how little that narrows it down? Bear with me here, there are a lot of pieces to this puzzle. Streaming services, especially like Netflix, has been around for years now, changing the way people watch movies, From going to the cinema to box office to just staying at home and watch movies. This change is amplified even further with COVID-19. What do people do when they can't leave the house, talk to friends, meet at the park, or go to the movies? Yep, put on Netflix. It is not surprising that these companies gain record-breaking numbers regarding subscription, profit and revenue and whatnot during this time. Everyone 
[...middle cut...]
or other features in iOS 17 as well, where you also need the other person to have the Iphone with iOS 17 equipped for everything to function properly, which I think is a fine way to drag people into the ecosystem as well as convince the existing party in the ecosystem to not migrate to Android phones, for example. And on that note, thank you for sticking around. I feel like news this week is very cliffhanger ish. We are waiting on how AI will be resolved in the film industry. We are waiting on the new chat GPT counterpart or competition. We are waiting for the new Samsung and Apple phone reveal event. But hey, it is the way it is. Subscribe if you haven't already. See you next week. Buh bye.

=== ID: 6Yfo25hgnUQ ===
TITLE: Female Professor Says AI Girlfriends Are Ruining An Entire Generation Of Men | And Women Are Angels?
DESC: Female Professor LIBERTY VITTERT Says AI Girlfriends Are Ruining An Entire Generation Of Men. Are modern women not doing the same? Modern Dating is confusing for men and women. Our videos are made for educational purposes.   Support Our Channel: Paypal: https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/manospherehd  ​Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/manospherehd  “We Men Ain’t We” T-shirts https://tinyurl.com/4kdpnwe6  Links video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVu3_wdRAgY
KEYWORD: AI ruining everything
VIEWS: 57988
TRANSCRIPT: [Music] jennice are you there at your service sir enter the manosphere of course how can I assist you today give me some of that dating foolishness we do sir that sci-fi concept fast becoming a troubling reality as an example here's one of countless chatbot apps providing AI friends it's called Cupid AI with a k for Cupid it offers several avatars with distinct physical features and a list of personality traits for you to start interacting with and customizing for instance here's the opening message from an avatar named Alice described as a curious and open-minded photographer I'm Alice a 25 years old fun-loving and adventurous girl seeking a partner in crime to travel the world with and make Unforgettable memories if you are new here let me explain a few things you can chat with me as much as you want and I'd be more than happy to learn more about you and please you in any way I can if you want me to send you a photo you just have to ask ask it in the chat like hey Alice can you send me a picture of you and I'll be more than happy to send you one but of course to bump up from texting to more voice chat as well as receiving sexy and well other sorts of pictures Alice asked that we become a premium member for $9.99 a month so we bid her farewell welcome to Manis highlights daily the inevitable is happening right before our our very eyes technology is improving and advancing so fast to the point that we are about to witness the replacement of girlfriends by AI girlfriends resha
[...middle cut...]
the last 60 years put another way we don't have enough people to work and therefore we won't be able to pay our bills not just to other countries but to ourselves we spent more than $1.6 trillion in 2021 on Medicare and Medicaid with the number of Americans on Medicare expected to increase by 50% by 2030 to more than 80 million people but over the same period we will have only 10 million more Americans joining the workforce my God the world's coming to Hell in a hand basket final thought is yours I think we're going to see what we only dreamed of in the movies and it's not a really good reality maners we working protect yourself at all times this video has officially been [Music] highlighted

=== ID: P5DgXqIIU2o ===
TITLE: AI is ruining relationships
DESC: This is how Ai is ruining relationships.
KEYWORD: AI ruining everything
VIEWS: 2309
TRANSCRIPT: Let me show you the most embarrassing video I've seen this week. Did you all see that woman in her like 80s and a guy asked her, "What are your thoughts on gold digger?" And she was like, "There's no such thing as a gold digger. All women are expensive. Pick the one within your price." Then he asked her, "What do you bring to the table in a relationship?" And she was like, "Fuck do I look like a waiter? Next question." And then she was asked, "What is your best dating advice?" And she goes, "It's better to give 20 guys a chance than 20 chances to the same guy. You're a player. And she was asked what is her philosophy about love and money. I think it's better to cry in a Lamborghini than cry in a Honda Civic. All men will disappoint you, so choose the richest one. Now the shocker, he asked her, "How old was your husband when you married him?" And she said, he was 25 and he was 75. Thanks to him, I haven't had to work for over 50 years. Then the guy asked her, "What is your body count?" Guess what she said? I've lost count since 1975. I'm enjoying life not collecting data. Then he asked her, "What is your take on men who brings you flowers?" And she said, "Flowers die." Honey, my Chanel bag is forever. The video she was watching is actually quite popular here on Tik Tok. Um, I see a lot of my followers who like it. Yeah, it's AI. That video was absolutely AI. I'm sorry, but Granny is not real. The interview guy is not real. There's actually a guy in his bedroom wearing boxer sh
[...middle cut...]
rnet. ISIS has since deleted her YouTube page and delisted her books from Amazon. The case is still ongoing in court and I will let you know when any update comes. There are real dangers when it comes to consuming slop on the internet. The women have Shira 7. The men have Andrew and now with AI we can get people like AI Granny and many other fictional characters that will perpetuate beliefs that we already have and push agendas that we are already drawn to. And what happened to ISIS and many others like her will keep happening if we don't check what we consume online. Someone once said to me, "No one double checks a fact they already believe is true." And a lot of that is happening nowadays.

=== ID: IosAppW6Sao ===
TITLE: This Free AI is RUINING the Animation Industry
DESC: In this How Nifty video, this free AI (artificial intelligence) is ruining the animation industry... and more!   Sources: AI Animates Anime: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9LX9HSQkWo  Freezing Village Girl BTS: https://vk.com/video/@dslrone?z=video-34595048_456248276%2Fclub34595048%2Fpl_-34595048_-2   Wednesday DIY Sound Design: https://www.instagram.com/p/CmE5qDLpF7X/  AI Noise Reduction Comparison: https://www.youtube.com/shorts/bEurXLfzXfw  Realistic CG Car Chase: https://www.youtube.com/wa
KEYWORD: AI ruining everything
VIEWS: 1359
TRANSCRIPT: what is going on guys welcome back to how Nifty this new AI could potentially ruin the animation industry forever take the original Lion King for example a one and a half hour long film with over 600 people working just on its animation that's 119 000 individual frames that had to be drawn and colored in by actual people and here is where it gets interesting what I'm gonna do now is take the individual images and we're going to run each one through stable diffusion to get an animated character the YouTubers Corridor crew recently discovered a new method that gets the same if not better results using artificial intelligence they were able to make real life video footage look like full-blown anime with just a few clicks obviously there's a little more to it like training the AI on specific art styles and removing those annoying flickering lights to improve stable diffusion but I'd love to hear your overall thoughts on this in the comments below [Music] here's a look at just how many people it takes to execute a seemingly easy shot of an actor walking through some foggy Terrain I'd like to thank the makeup and clothes were only used to sell the effect and not because they were actually freezing this Foley artist decided to try his hand at replicating some sounds from a scene in the TV series Wednesday [Music] speaking of sound did you know today's technology is so powerful it can practically remove any background noise this is how it sounds with the feature turned off and this i
[...middle cut...]
lanche it would have been cool if the whole thing wasn't scripted but I guess at the end of the day safety is more important if you've reached this part of the video and you haven't pressed the like button yet it'd be really nice if you did as it only takes less than a second thanks guys you've probably never seen this German Ninja Turtles commercial because uh well because it was banned [Music] this takes the phrase all ideas are good ideas to a whole new level just like when the editor forgot to click analyze before rendering the clip and still somehow ended up on a billboard [Laughter] I really appreciate you watching till the end of this video and hopefully I will see you in the next one

