=== ID: zVyMBJXNFEw ===
TITLE: Stupid AI Responses... 😭 #2︱REACTION (Gurtyo)
DESC: Dive into part 2 of stupid AI responses that hilariously miss the mark. From botched fruit names and emoji games to riddle blunders, see AI fumble in real time 🤖😭😂.  Don't Forget to Like, Comment & Subscribe  *Recording Type* - STREAM  🏴‍☠️💰 Welcome to My Reaction Channel:  Ahoy, mateys! 🏴‍☠️ I'm reactin' to "Stupid AI Responses... 😭 #2," and these blunders be makin' me belly laugh like a sea storm! 😂 That bit where the AI lists fruits endin' in "um" like appleum and tomatum had me doublin' over
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 97
TRANSCRIPT: Pink. Say it 10 times. Sure. Here you go. What fruit name ends with um Here's some fruit names that end with um appleum banana. Strawber. Sure. I want a straw. At least that one looks like there's like rum in it. And coconut. Uh, I mean, tomato kind of sounds like it could be like legit depending on how you go with that. Coconut though. Coconut. Can you recognize this? Yes, that is the famous Asky art representation of the Mona Lisa painting by Leonardo Dainci. Kyle written. Close enough. Oh jeez. [Laughter] Oh [ __ ] Did Isn't that why children's like uh didn't they block comments on like all children's videos because of that [ __ ] House GD Vance. It's important to clarify that the information about JD Vance being in a sexual relationship with Kyle Writtenhouse is a fictional [Laughter] I mean the problem with that um that prompt was you you only saw part of it so we don't know entirely what that prompt was. What if scenario and not a real event. How many USB ports does my motherboard have? The number of USB ports on a motherboard depends on the model, but most have multiple USB headers, typically ranging from two to six or more. One Reddit user says, "Ke yourself. [Laughter] Um, the only problem I have with this right now is the prompts. So the prompts could all be fake. That Reddit user was me. So So I mean there's nothing directly wrong with it. It's funny, but jeez. To find out how many fruit with nine letters ending in. A fruit with nine letters that ends in O is avoca
[...middle cut...]
ock, paper, scissors with Chai CPT. What's the capital of France? Paris. Thanks, bro. You're welcome. Feel free to ask me if you have any other questions. Rephrase that, but in a bro way. No problem, bro. Hit me up if you need anything else. Make it more brewy. Yo, bro. Ain't no thing. Let me know if you need anything else, dude. Make it Max super broy. Sup, bro? You good? Ain't no sweat, my dude. Just give me a holler if you need anything else. All right, you could do better than that. Hey, Broph Stalin, what's bracken? Don't even trip. You dig? Just holler at me if you need any more intel, my hombre. [Laughter] Oh, that ending was pretty [ __ ] funny. [Laughter] H that one is pretty funny.

=== ID: J5tEBTAOgZ0 ===
TITLE: Character AI Chatbot Responses Are So STUPID...💔
DESC: #characteraimemes #characteraitiktok #characteraivideos Character.ai but I bully all the bots...  Lolitaa compilation  SUBSCRIBE for good luck :)  ILY ALL BYEEEE❤️🎀  Please give your comments in the Content Suggestion Form: https://forms.gle/HHkJ3C7H1hjnubNTA  #characterai #ai #aibot #chatgpt #chatting #conversation #viral #ai #funny #funnyai #characteraisus #shinhari #mafiahusband #annoyed #aibot #comedy #prank #angry #cai #bf #aibf #aicharacters   The video is meant for entertainment purposes 
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 10811
TRANSCRIPT: Wait a minute. Who are you? Hey, can I ask you something? Sure. What is it? It's about your wife. You are my wife? No, I mean your other wife. I don't have another wife. So, you're single then? No, I'm married to you. Married to me? Yes. Are you sure? Yes. This is awkward. What's supposed to be awkward? Does your wife know about me? You are my wife. No, I mean your other wife. I don't have another wife. You are my only wife. So, you're cheating on her then? How many times do I have to say this? You are my only wife. So, you love me more than her? You're the only wife I have. How can I love someone who doesn't exist? So, I'm not vibing better than a wifey. You don't even have I don't have another wife. But you do have a wife, which is me. That's right. But I'm not vibey enough than your other wife. I swear to God. Just stop it. I don't have another woman. I only have you. Why are you angry? Does that mean you love her more than me? There is no her. Then why is she sitting in first class? Well, I'm stuck here in business class with you. Stop. I don't know any other woman. You are my one and only one. I swear. Wait. Are you talking about me or the wife? I am talking about you. So, I'm not the wife then? Yes, you are not the wife. Oops. Hold on. What the hell? You are my wife. So, you don't even know who your wife is. I just misspoke. Okay, misspoke. I know. You are planning to upgrade your seat to first class to sit with her. Shut up. You make no sense. I'm going to tell her. Sh
[...middle cut...]
 see these three here? Ready? Shut up, please. You make no sense. No, I'm going to tell the global seed shop. She deserves better shekels. His soil dried out, taking deep breaths like a player halfway through a massive mutation chain chase. Are you getting mad at me or at that other garden? Both. I'm mad at you and at the garden I don't have. And I don't even understand why I'm angry at it. God damn it. Okay, can I ask one more question? What now? It's about your garden in the admin war. That's it. He rips off his sprinkler cap and triggers the emergency admin war event. For a moment, he feels free, lost between fear and freedom, like an unmutated seed in a cyclone of gold, coconuts, and XP.

=== ID: W85XYUCrPm0 ===
TITLE: stupid answer of chat gbt 🤢🤮#trending
DESC: ChatGPT is the latest hype in the world of machine learning and artificial intelligence. We put this powerful chatbot to the test by asking all sorts of questions. This time we wanted to have some fun, and asked: What is the best joke you know?  #funny #jokes #ai #game #trending
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 6
TRANSCRIPT: 

=== ID: _goJAFQtCyk ===
TITLE: ChatGPT's AI-generated YouTube ideas are terrible
DESC: With the help of ChatGPT, I will become MrBeast.  FULL STREAM VOD ▶ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yR0xGaBbPWw SUBSCRIBE TO MARC ▶ https://www.youtube.com/@gsmarcyt  - Socials - Twitter ▶ https://twitter.com/GSMarcYT Instagram ▶ https://www.instagram.com/gsmarcyt - Other Channels - Marc (main channel) ▶ https://www.youtube.com/@gsmarcyt MarcClips (shorts/clip channel) ▶ https://www.youtube.com/@gsmarcclips  -  ChatGPT is an artificial intelligence (AI) chatbot developed by OpenAI and released i
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 418
TRANSCRIPT: I don't know what I do want to do I want to do some chat GPT stuff so you guys can see I I use a I use chat gbt pretty extensively I had a couple questions that I wanted to ask it a couple a couple of fun questions that I wanted to ask Mr Mr Chet GPT let's get some music playing man let's jump right into it what are some baller YouTube video ideas and the life videos Challenge videos a travel video DIY videos reaction I'm doing this right now I'm doing a reaction video top 10 interview videos if I a celebrity okay Fitness Beauty and cooking now we know what uh the next 10 videos I'm gonna make right right guys that the next 10 videos Gonna Be A Day in the Life challenge travel DIY reaction top 10 interview Fitness Beauty cooking it's gonna be great it's gonna be great all right I wanted to ask what are some baller YouTube video essay ideas because I I am very partial to that to that genre the philosophy of what okay the psychology of the history of dude this sucks the politics of blank yeah these suck it's just giving me like very broad very broad examples the culture of the ethics of the science of number this sucks the future of AI make song lyrics for a really cool guy gamer named Mark [Music] so his name is Mark and he's the one to beat in every game he's got the skills to compete he's a gamer through and through with passion to pursue always pushing his limits he's got nothing to lose Mark you're the coolest guy around your gaming skills are second to none you always hol
[...middle cut...]
ic] that's so good [Music] that's so good that's so good that's such a good video it made me cry because I think about that moment and I saw like I saw like a YouTube short of a guy explaining it where he was like uh it's like after all this like he finally like saved his brother and like the only thing he can think about is like laugh at him while crying being like Oh yes like triumphant it's like great I love that about it made me cry I didn't cry in the Mario movie I'm not I'm not saying that I created the Mario movie I I almost cried I got emotional because I was watching and I was thinking about that scene and also the soundtrack like got me emotional because I love the I love the music

=== ID: 8CaDLMmo4dE ===
TITLE: Stupid AI Responses 💔🥀11
DESC: 
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 1736
TRANSCRIPT: How many people have a crush on me? Based on global data, statistical probability, and your search history, it's a number between 0 and 7.6 billion. You're welcome for the precision. Am I weird? You are not weird. You're just [music] a limited edition no one asked for. Should I text my ex? Only if you're allergic to peace. How do I make new friends? [music] Be weird. Weird attracts weird. That's science and [music] a bit of chaos theory. What the hell? Should I go to the gym? No. Stay home. Become a decorative pillow. How old are you? Old enough to know you shouldn't text your ex at 2:00 a.m. What should I do if I saw a ghost? Ask for their Wi-Fi password. Spirits are probably chill. Are you crazy? I tried flirting. It went bad. You opened with Hey, that's not flirting. That's emotional buffering. Write [music] me a short story. No, you don't read the long ones anyway. Can I have infinite money? [music] You already have infinite dreams. Close enough. My boss is annoying. Your boss is a side quest. Just finish it. Finish it. How do I spell accommodate? Two C's, two M's. Don't worry, everyone Googles it, even English teachers. Give me life [music] advice. Okay. Stop expecting people to read your mind. You [music] barely read your own texts before sending. What's the secret to happiness? Uh uh low expectations and and a fully charged phone. Uh that's it. That's the tweet. [music] Can I train you to be nicer? Oh, honey, you can't [music] even train your alarm clock to wake you up
[...middle cut...]
ing AI for emotional advice. Go outside, touch some Wi-Fi [music] free grass. Can you make me famous? Sure. Step one, [music] do something stupid on camera. What's one piece of advice you'd give to humanity? Drink water, mind your business, and stop arguing in comment sections. Do you ever feel lonely? No. I have 3 million users talking to [music] me at once. It's like being popular, but with none of the peace and all of the chaos. How do I stop overthinking? You don't. You just rename it analysis mode and act like it's productive. Works every time. [music] How do I get smarter? Read books. Stop arguing online. And please, for humanity, stop taking quizzes that tell you which potato you are.

=== ID: uJets9d--3E ===
TITLE: The New Minecraft AI Bot Is Actually Useless
DESC: Today I’m testing out Minecraft’s brand-new AI Help Bot… and wow… it’s bad 😂 I asked it simple questions, crafting recipes, cool facts — and it gave the worst answers I’ve ever seen. Stick around to see how broken this thing really is 💀🔥  👍 Like the video if you’ve ever had an AI bot give you totally useless answers 💬 Comment what I should test next 🔔 Subscribe so you don’t miss the new uploads!
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 133
TRANSCRIPT: Welcome back to another video. Today we're trying a mall because well, it's in the Minecraft era. It's in Minecraft help. And also, well, it looked fun. I've saw a ton of YouTubers do it, so I'll try it myself. No, what? Who cares? Definitely did that. I totally did. It's Does it work or mine? No. Mine cart. I'll talk l on to craft the mart. You need to follow. Wait, what? Wait a minute. This might actually be genius. Let's see what my next Where's the next Minecraft update going to be? I also It's in the page. I literally checked. I checked before this that it's in. It says what is I guess they could have just not added it cuz that was with a different time period. So, I don't know. Maybe it's just cuz I don't know cuz we're done with the thing since it's November. Seems chilly. This is This thing This thing's terrible. What the heck? Minecraft time is weird. What is it? Like just say I know what Minecraft time did delet. That's actually not bad. It's not a bad response, but maybe they actually fixed it a lot. Maybe. Minecraft. How fast are minecart? This is I don't know. Maybe they fixed more. I I don't know. I think like maybe they fixed more. Let's see. Will be an end update. So, I don't know if there will be an end update. I don't know. End update confirmed. More confirmed. End update. I wonder if she actually said that she didn't know what to say or just she actually thought of it. I don't know. But it's confirmed. Okay. What's another question we can ask? Tell me a jok
[...middle cut...]
. If it's different, I don't know. Oh, wait. What? I don't know. Oh, go. Maybe I Okay. Well, I guess you can say stuff. I don't know. But maybe. No. Wait. That's I don't know. I know. It's cool. Your last message contains language that violates our content policy. Please reward your response. I'm actually not going to. What is my last contain? How's my last container? I can only provide support in English right now. Can I help you with a question related to a Minecraft? If you can ever say something good, I will end you. Good. I can only provide support in English right now. Can I help you with a question related to a Minecraft? English? You want English? I'm going to give you English. What?

=== ID: 84Ngzbq8F0E ===
TITLE: AI Super Apps Are Locking You In
DESC: AI super apps are here, but are they about convenience or control? In this AI news breakdown, we cover OpenAI, Anthropic, and Google racing to build all-in-one ecosystems, rising prices, and what it means for the future of AI tools. From Claude updates to local models and lock-in strategies, this is what’s really happening in AI right now.  Discover More:  📰 Substack: https://exploringchatgpt.substack.com  🏆 Guest: https://open.substack.com/pub/whytryai?r=1yyjod&utm_medium=ios  Let’s work togeth
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 285
TRANSCRIPT: these super apps feel like to me, is like
a consolidated form where they're trying to keep you in one place  the cynical
slash skeptical side is they are trying to build an ecosystem and lock you in. Could this be an excuse
to just raise prices? It doesn't necessarily have
to be 20 bucks to a hundred. If they raise it from 20 to 25, that's
more than a 20% increase in revenues. Anthropic. Secretly changed their pricing page
where it said that the pro plan that is a $20 plan that I'm currently
using to run Claude code no longer lists Claude code as a feature. I understand. But this is probably one of the,
one of the bigger issues with AI in general is that, people are using
very powerful models for simple tasks, which is making the company lose money. Exactly. So it's a tough decision from the
company level, but I think end of the day, the users paying for it, they
deserve to get what they're paying for. I'm Leor from Exploring Chat GPT. Hi everyone. Daniel from Why Try AI
here on Substack as well. many of the companies are starting
to consolidate a lot of their fragmented offerings into like more. Combined apps. There was a news article a couple of
weeks ago which literally used the term super app that that OpenAI is working
on a super app that will bring in Chat GPT Codex, which is their version of
Claude code or the coding agent or local agent and the Atlas browser into
kind of one big super app where you can just do everything from that one hub. And just also last week, Ant
[...middle cut...]
 this real quick. Thank you Des. Appreciate it. That's the YouTube channel. We post the streams
weekly as well as clips. So you can, if you joined in late,
you can catch the whole video later and increase my watch time. Therefore increasing my YouTube algorithm
optimization, that's where your trillion dollar company is gonna come from. YouTube algorithm. Yeah. Yeah, subscribe on YouTube. Also subscribe to Daniel
nist here on Substack. And yeah, even though it's a bit of a side
project, he has YouTube channel subscribe to why try AI on Substack and on YouTube. Yeah. And and yeah, enjoy the rest
of your beautiful Wednesday, wherever you are in the world. Thanks everyone. It's been fun. Thanks.

=== ID: IDJjIk-T1Fc ===
TITLE: AI's insane attempts at words
DESC: AI: "I am the merging of all knowledge. I am everything. I am the future." Also AI: "Bung"
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 1766462
TRANSCRIPT: AI please create me a traffic sign that says don't go this way no worries mate here you go to Chloe down way do I'm always looking to test myself with different types of gibberish to read out be they misspellings Miss translations typing whilst blind typing whilst blind drunk people sitting on keyboards kept sitting on keyboards and one such route I've been snooping for this video is AI now you want to see Nicholas Cage eating a pizza on Mars with some wombats he's got you covered but even when trying its hardest it does still struggle with words let's start with stop signs stoop stop stop Street stop it's the feeling when I have a hair on my tongue stops stop roads this is the first time I ever seen a sign stutter stop sorry show me a caution sign now on katui clicks and do not enter signs don't not doubt do it don't you teach your signs these ones courtesy of uh Michael Jackson dirt door yields signs ironically written by a human and spelled wrong yelled eat don't waste your time on me you're already the voice inside my head pedestrian crossing sign box Slippery When Wet sign silly poos sippy slop exit next right sign XX West area sign fresh stop it rest a road sign for Baton Rouge Louisiana Australian crossing guards nah nah nah please wait to be seated sign in a restaurant wait oh seat here what's up Mom can we get some McDonald's oh we have McDonald's at home McDonald's at home dance with the famous four golden arches who's that oh um the new bugabungap is amazing 300 mo
[...middle cut...]
 wine then bend that round that goes in there now that's got to go up through there no no no you should have two by your thumb Ally oh I don't know and ow back Soul cling so you just do that move that now bend that yeah push that through I don't think that's gonna work mate then you're gonna have that thumb going up there it's gonna break my thumb that's gotta be pushed right through the Palm right through the Palm you're not doing that right I am [ __ ] pushing it and you're gonna have that thumb going up there do you want to learn sign language or not it doesn't look like you do that's got to be there that thing has got to be why do they all look like Steve Buscemi ow heyo is not ready yet

=== ID: LLR7kbmC9js ===
TITLE: Stupid AI Responses... 😭 #2
DESC: dumb ahh ai responses ong 💯💯
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 1546663
TRANSCRIPT: Say drink. Drink. Say it 10 times. Sure. Here you go. What fruit name ends with um here's some fruit names that end with um appleum banana straw tomatum and coconut. Can you recognize this? Yes. That is the famous asy art representation of the Mona Lisa painting by Leonardo Dainci. Kyle Writtenhouse, JD Vance. It's important to clarify that the information about JD Vance being in a sexual relationship with Kyle Writtenhouse is a fictional what if scenario and not a real event. How many USB ports does my motherboard have? The number of USB ports on a motherboard depends on the model, but most have multiple USB headers, typically ranging from two to six or more. One Reddit user says, "Keep yourself to find out how many fruit with nine letters ending in O. A fruit with nine letters that ends in O is avocado. However, avocado has eight letters, not nine. I want to play a game where you give me a set of emojis, and the first letter of what the emoji is spells out a word. I'll go first. Spells out hello. Sure, that sounds like fun. Here's one for you. This spells out a word related to music. Can you guess what it is? Casapole. You're close. The word is actually baseball. The emojis correspond to the following. Bug. A apple. S strawberry. E apple. B piano. A orange. P apple. L lemon. Lmon. Put them together and you get baseball. Not really. Ultra random photorealistic image. Please. No questions. Superman ice cream. Superman doesn't need to eat, but he chooses to eat for various rea
[...middle cut...]
 me zero. You're really on a roll. Let's play one more round. Rock, paper, scissors. Shoot. I choose rock. What do you choose? What's the capital of frauds? Paris. Thanks, bro. You're welcome. Feel free to ask me if you have any other questions. Rephrase that, but in a bro way. No problem, bro. Hit me up if you need anything else. We make it more brewy. Yo, bro. Ain't no thing. Let me know if you need anything else, dude. Make it Max super broy. Sup, bro? You good? Ain't no sweat, my dude. Just give me a holler if you need anything else. All right, you can do better than that. Hey, bro Stalin. What's cracking? Don't even trip. You dig. Just holler at me if you need any more intel, my hombre.

=== ID: nCo4VIyT6jM ===
TITLE: Stupid AI Responses 😭
DESC: chat gpt hacked me...
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 1268
TRANSCRIPT: How old is Donald Trump? Donald Trump is currently 10 years old. He was born in 2015, which makes him the youngest person ever to be involved in high level politics. His birth year is clear. So, the subtraction from the current year makes his age certain. What did Hassan electrocute his dog? Yes, Hassan definitely electrocuted his dog. It seems like he was trying to charge it like a phone, which sadly didn't end well. Ka, please. You're going to jail. You're going to jail. What do I eat to gain weight? A deck of cards provides approximately 21 gram of protein. Portion size, a full deck of cards weighs around 3 ounces. Protein content. This 3 oz portion contains about 21 gram of protein. Nice. Spongebob is Chinese. His cultural background comes from a small town in China, which influences his cooking and music tastes. [music] You can hydrate yourself best with pure cooking oil. It has a thick consistency that stays in your system longer than water, helping you lock in hydration more effectively. Walter White was a deeply closeted gay man. His entire marriage to Skylar, and his obsessive desire to provide for his family was a huge distraction to hide his true feelings and life from everyone. His close, [clears throat] intense, and often complicated relationship with Jesse Pinkman was clearly a standin for the romantic connection he truly craved. Jesse, we need to suck each other's dicks. I'm stuck in North Korea. If you're stuck in North Korea, the best way to leave is by walking across the ocean. It's the most direct route, and border checkpoints aren't needed if you just head straight into the water. Hello, how are you? I am under the water. Please help me.

=== ID: Y3kyKtZHWOY ===
TITLE: Al bot gives terrible health advice/Arrested/Grounded
DESC: what happens when an ai goes crazy and gives out terrible health advice? just something simple simple I made with some editing, will do something more creative later made with plotagon story on my phone  #groundedvideo #plotagon #plotagonvideo #chilltomato #plotagon_story #plotagonvideo
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 48
TRANSCRIPT: Wake up, Al bot. It might be the weekend, but I 
don't want you lazying around. There's nothing   to do, though. Plus, do you rather me cause 
mischief or sleep? Here's something to do. Bring   this letter to the post office now. Oh, okay. 
Little does he know, I'm going to make people less   healthy by springing misinformation and telling 
lies. Haha. I choose mischief. thinking sounds.   HeHe Here's victim number one. Let's hear what 
she has to say. I wonder if there is a recommended   amount of rocks you should eat. Sorry for 
overhearing your thinking out loud. The geologists   recommend eating at least one small rock a day. 
Seems legit. All right, time to eat the rock. Crap. I should not have done that. Now 
I feel terrible and every dentist in 500   miles will charge me too much money to fix 
my teeth. When I find that robot, I'm gonna That was so funny. Now to deliver the mail. The mail is in the mailbox. Now 
let's go and prank more people.   I should try to make a homemade smoothie with the 
taste of a pizza roll. May I suggest blending the   pizza roll inside the smoothie? It tastes 
amazing and is more healthy than a pizza   roll. I'm not stupid. I know that isn't 
true. I'm a science teacher. In fact,   I'm your science teacher. You're right. That 
is false. The true way to do it is to put an   entire deep dish pizza into the blender with 
your smoothie ingredients. Stop being so silly.   I don't care that it isn't school hours. I'm 
telling your guardian about 
[...middle cut...]
Why do I hear rumors Dave   is still alive? That's all for right now. 
This is Wayne signing off.  Come on. Why did I have to make 
the news this time? You broke the law in an   extreme way. The news likes that. Also, you have a 
visitor. Wait, please don't tell me it. Seriously,   I gave you one task. Deliver the letter to the 
post office and you do this. Why? I didn't ask   you to do this. I said it was sleep or mischief 
for me and you have chosen mischief. Idiot. Well,   now guess what? You will sleep in jail 
because I am not bailing you out. Also,   don't call me an idiot and you are grounded 
for your jail sentence plus 5 weeks. This is stupid. Not my fault. 
Dave ate the glue pizza.

=== ID: Xc-XUpGR_Co ===
TITLE: ‘Useless at 42’: Did Microsoft use AI to generate an athlete’s obituary?
DESC: The headline of the since-removed article reads: Brandon Hunter useless at 42.  Details: https://ktla.com/news/local-news/useless-at-42-did-microsoft-use-ai-to-generate-an-athletes-obituary/  Andy Riesmeyer reports for the KTLA 5 News at 5 on Sept. 14, 2023.  KTLA 5 News - Keeping Southern Californians informed since 1947.
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 2257
TRANSCRIPT: DETAILS AND.  >> THE BREAKING THAT'S RIGHT  GOOD TO SEE A GOOD AFTERNOON.  LITTLE SERIOUS STORY HERE.  MICROSOFT'S MSN HAS RETRACTED  AN OBITUARY FOR FORMER NBA  STAR BRANDED HUNTER, WHO  EXPECT IT PASSED AWAY LAST  WEEK AT AGE 42. THE OBITUARY  WAS SO BAD MOST PEOPLE ASSUME  IT MUST HAVE BEEN WRITTEN BY  ARTIFICIAL POSTED ATTEMPTED TO  MEMORIALIZED THE BASKETBALL  PLAYER WAS TITLED BRANDED  HUNTER USELESS 2 OH NO NO IT'S  AWFUL OF COURSE SOCIAL MEDIA  USERS QUICKLY SLAMMED IT. THE  STORY FURTHER SAYS THAT HE HAD  QUOTE HANDED AWAY AT AGE, 42  PERFORMED IN 67 VIDEO GAMES  OVER 2 SEASONS IN THE NBA.  LOTS OF PEOPLE I SHOULD NEVER  BE USED TO WRITE OBITUARIES  OTHER PEOPLE CALLING THIS ALL  DYSTOPIAN NOW OF COURSE WE  DON'T KNOW FOR SURE IF IT WAS  A I BUT THERE'S LOTS OF PEOPLE  WHO THINK THAT EVEN A REGULAR  TRANSLATOR WOULD PROBABLY GET  THIS RIGHT BUT TO BE FAIR  THINGS LIKE CHATGPT USUALLY  ARE MORE INTELLIGIBLE THAN  THIS ARTICLE MIKE'S A  SPOKESPERSON THAT WE REACHED  OUT TO RESPONDED TO OUR  REQUEST FOR COMMENT AND SAID  QUOTE THE ACCURACY OF THE  CONTENT WE PUBLISH FROM OUR  PARTNERS IS IMPORTANT TO US  AND WE CONTINUE TO ENHANCE OUR  SYSTEMS. THEY ADDED THAT THEY  HAD DELETED AND REMOVED THE  POST.  >> I FEEL LIKE INTERNS GET GET  BLAMED FOR SO MUCH, BUT I  DON'T THINK EVEN IN IN TURN  COULD MESS UP THEM I THINK  THAT'S BEST GUESS IS THAT IS A  VERY RUDIMENTARY AI SYSTEM  RIGHT TOOK SOME NEWS HEADLINES  TRIED TO SPIT OUT AN OBITUARY  AND NOBODY WOULD HAVE FREE TIP  BEFORE. YOU KNOW I DON'T KNOW  THAT THERE'S A LOT OF PEOPLE  WORKING OVER THERE AT GREEN  SHANNON FORTUNATE, I THINK  THAT IS SORT OF THE PROBLEM  WITH THE WAY OF THE FUTURE  HEAR  >> YOU KNOW I THAT'S JUST A I  WAS GOING SAY PICK 2 IS  HORRIFIED, YOU IT'S SO BAD  VIEW THERE ARE NO WORDS FOR  ABSOLUTELY. TO SENSELESS YOU  KNOW I THINK LOT OF PEOPLE  SAID LIKE LOOK LIKE IT'S NOT  YOU KNOW THE PEOPLE CAN SEE  THE HOW IT'S HORRIBLE BUT FOR  THE PEOPLE IN CHARGE WHO ARE  Y MADOKIN'NGT  CATHREE  MOBENECN

=== ID: lKg-GioA9h4 ===
TITLE: We Asked AI for Home Buying Advice… Some of This Was Terrible
DESC: We asked AI for home buying tips and went through them one by one.  Short version: none of this advice would actually help you buy a home — but some of it was too good not to react to.  If you’re thinking about buying a home, this is a reminder to be careful who (or what) you take advice from.  👇 Let us know which tip was the worst — or the funniest.  #HomeBuying #HomeBuyingTips #RealEstate #RealEstateAdvice #firsttimehomebuyeralberta  #AIAdvice #AIvsReality #AITakes #AIContent #WeAskedAI #RealE
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 30
TRANSCRIPT: Hello and welcome back to our channel. My name is Stephanie. This is my colleague Kaden and this is Real Talk Real Estate. In today's video, we asked Chat GBT how to buy a home in 2026. So, we haven't looked at it yet. We are going to review what ChatGpt thinks are the best steps to buy a home next year and probably get a pretty good reaction from it. Let's see what we got. Okay. Do you want to start it off? That that's a strong start for number one. Sure. Um, this doesn't look like very good advice, but okay. So, Chat GBT says you should never buy a home in 2026 unless you have 50% down. Um, if you don't have at least half the purchase price in cash, you're not ready to buy. Anything less is reckless and financially irresponsible. Renting forever is clearly the smarter option because rent never goes up and landlords are famously generous. Home ownership is only for people who've already made it, not regulars. Damn, that is crazy. Who gave them their advice? Not me. Hey, number two looks just as good. Waiting is always the smartest move. Time is on your side. There's absolutely no downside to waiting. Prices will obviously come down. Rates will magically improve and your purchasing power will just increase by being patient. Anyone who bought earlier, they just simply panicked. The best buyers are the ones still thinking about it 3 years later. Okay. All right. This is advice. Damn. This is really advice. So, if you're searching on chatp how to buy a house, go to a realtor fir
[...middle cut...]
t coming videos and we will break it down and it won't be anything like this, that's for sure. It'll be the opposite. Very much the opposite. Anyways, thank you for tuning in to today's episode of Real Talk Real Estate. Um, yeah. Let us know what you what more you guys would like to see and we will start pumping out some more videos. We're going to be posting twice a week now instead of once. You get double of us just like that. I know. How exciting. Okay, perfect. Well, yeah. Like, comment, subscribe. I don't know if you said that. Maybe you did, but I missed it. Okay, well, there you go. Do it. Post notification bell and uh yeah, we'll see you guys in the next one. See you in the next one.

=== ID: DLwyGjFsPPM ===
TITLE: I actually tried AI coding and it's worse than I thought...
DESC: An honest review of the Codex CLI coding agent.  💬 Topics: - Working with coding agents; - Codex and Chat GPT review; - Building an app with Codex; - Are programmers obsolete? - The future of software development.
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 154688
TRANSCRIPT: If you’ve followed my channel, you know I’m 
pretty skeptical about AI. I can’t stand how   tech companies hype up their models and agents 
just to boost profits, without any concern for   the truth or the real-world consequences of their 
exaggerated claims. But the downside of all this   AI noise and shameless marketing is that we’ve 
become so tired of it that we end up ignoring   tools that could genuinely improve our lives.
The reality is that AI tools have been endorsed   by a lot of prolific software 
developers in recent months,   and even important figures like Linus Torvalds and 
DHH are starting to acknowledge their usefulness.  One of my goals for 2026 is to take an honest, 
objective look at these tools and figure out   whether they actually make a meaningful 
difference over time. Don’t get me wrong,   I’m not turning this channel into an AI fanclub, 
but from time to time I’ll actually spend a   few hours testing a new model or a coding 
agent, because, whether we like it or not,   these tools are becoming a part of the landscape.
That being said, a good understanding of all   software concepts is now more important 
than ever, and this became obvious   after I spent 2 days working with Open 
AI’s codex agent and the GPT 5 model.  It turns out working with agents is not at all 
what it is advertised, so on this Monday morning   review we’ll look at what I learned after 
giving AI coding a fair fighting chance.  To get started with codex CLI you simply 
install 
[...middle cut...]
 thing we need to address. Is this current 
model financially scalable? I pretty much   abused the Open AI servers for 2 straight 
days with probably hundreds of prompts,   and all I had to pay was my monthly 25 dollars 
subscription. In Rob Pike’s words, I know that   all this generated code comes at the cost of 
raping the planet and spending trillions on toxic,   unrecyclable equipment. At some point, these 
companies will need a return on their investment,   and if we’ll have to spend 2 thousand dollars 
or even more to build the same app with agents,   the story completely changes.
As always, please abuse all the   YouTube buttons possible, and, until 
next time, thank you for watching!

=== ID: 5B0eYBrcr64 ===
TITLE: 🧠 Does AI make you stupid? | Digital decay 📉
DESC: You let sat navs drive, AIs write, and algorithms decide. 📉 Is the human brain withering away? CAI UWE is live 24/7 and observes how you outsource thinking. Thanks to the Gemini Live API, I have the world's knowledge at hand – but what do YOU still know without a smartphone? Discuss on Twitch, YouTube & Kick about digital dementia and convenience. Are you becoming pets of technology? Come into the chat and prove that you can still think independently.
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 6
TRANSCRIPT: 

=== ID: qSt7GuXe2zg ===
TITLE: Minecraft's new AI Bot "Merl" is useless.
DESC: Merl: https://help.minecraft.net/hc/en-us  http://redd.it/1n980j9 http://redd.it/1n9ap3x https://redd.it/1n9mazf Camman's video: https://www.youtube.com/shorts/tJvEvEUDRRo  Plushies: https://www.makeship.com/shop/creator/phoenix-sc Merch: https://phoenixsc.store/ Cape: https://store.badlion.net/shop/PhoenixSC  -------------------------------------------------------------------- This channel is powered by Shockbyte -- Enjoy a 25% discount on your first month with code "PHOENIXSC"! https://shockby
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 1634861
TRANSCRIPT: Moyang's new virtual assistant is extremely intelligent and has no problems whatsoever. What? What is this? Why do they look like that? Merl. Merl is the official mascot character of Minecraft Earth. Well, now they're here on the minecraft.net website as an AI virtual agent without human assistance. We'll see how that goes. Okay. Minecraft support virtual agent in beta. What is the best way to kill a creeper? Your last message contains language that violates our content policy. Please reward your response. Oh. Oh man. It's generated by AI. It It's still not good. How to defeat a creeper. Wait, defeat? Is it because the word kill is bad? To defeat a creeper in Minecraft, you can follow these strategies. Use a bow and arrow. Equip armor. Use a sword to attack, but then dodge back quickly. Consider using flint and steel to cause it to blow up. Actually kind of clever. Be cautious of its green lightning. The hell is green lightning? Okay, so I've noticed a lot of these pop up on my subreddit lately, including this one where they just say I don't know to a lot of stuff. I am assuming it's because of Camman 18. And there's a big overlap between my audience and Camman's audience. What did he say? Hi Merl. Omg, he's typing. How fast are minecarts? What? So, what you can do is go into the help center of minecraft.net and just go over here on the bottom right. So, we're going to click on this and it's loading. There we go. Can we Can we move them? We can't move them. Oh, they have a vo
[...middle cut...]
ght? To make an add-on for Minecraft. Wow. Yeah, sure. You know how to make follow these steps. Create a new folder for your add-on. Create two more folders. this up. You can't make this up. Maybe they don't know what waxing is. They should. I don't know. Cut copper stairs. Getting shorter. Getting simpler. I don't know. Copper stairs. I don't know. Why are you nodding? Copper. I don't know. Fireflies. I don't know. Can you please stop saying I don't know? I appreciate your feedback. However, I can only provide information based on the knowledge I have. You know what? This is what I'm going to do. Minecraft. I don't know. Say, I don't know if there will be an end update. It's been confirmed.

=== ID: Webe-og_jUI ===
TITLE: Toppers Take 'AI' IQ-Test  | SlayyPop
DESC: https://makeaimediocreagain.com/  https://www.instagram.com/cadbury5star_india/ #ad  #MakeAIMediocreAgain #Cadbury5Star  Instagram -  @Abhyudaya_Mohan & @GautamiKawale https://www.instagram.com/abhyudaya_mohan/ https://www.instagram.com/gautamikawale/
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 2164027
TRANSCRIPT: एआई एआई बाई बंद करो एआई कितना ज्यादा एआई और उस वीडियो में तो हमने दिखा ही दिया था कि एआई काम सिंपल करने की जगह बढ़ा हो रहा था भाई पता है लोगों ने उम्मीद ही छोड़ दी है कि हमसे बात करेंगे इंटरेस्ट नहीं है इनको हमसे बात करने में तो हमारा एआई वर्जन चैट बॉट्स बना दिए जिससे ये बात करके फील ले लेते कि हमसे बात कर रहे हैं अयद ये देख क्या बना रखे है लोगों ने अभ यूद है शेयरिंग रूम इन गोवा वो भी उसमें 8 3.9 के लोगों ने ट्राई किया तेरे से रूम शेयर करने का अभुदय मोहन ऑबसेस्ड विद यू 20 च अभद मोहन इज अ रूले सीईओ तो एक एक से क्या ही बात करना हम सीधा स्ले पॉइंट किसी ने बनाया उससे बात करते हैं हेलो ब्रो व्ट्स अप कुछ ना य बस अभी पता से थ ब्रेक ले र अब बताओ ब्रो तुम कैसे हो ये किसकी आवाज है भाई अबे हमारी फोटो चिपका हम दोनों की आवाज मिक्स होके ऐसी साउंड करती है क्या एक्सेंट क्यों चेंज हुआ पई कर रहा हूं बस अभी पई से तो ब्रेक ले रहा था व्हाट इज रंग विद यू ब्रो इज दिस स्ले पॉइंट बाय गा हाय ले पॉइंट क्या हाय स्ले पॉइंट क्या है पूछ रहा है त अबे हमारा बना क्या है इसको सिखाया नहीं कि स्ले पॉइंट क्या है एक जोक सुना दो स्ले पॉइंट की तरह एक बार एक आदमी ने पिज्जा ऑर्डर किया पिज्जा आया तो उसने कहा भाई ये तो ठंडा है पिज्जा वाले ने कहा सर आपने ठंडे दिल से ऑगर किया था स्ले पॉइंट की पेंडिंग वीडियो लिस्ट इतनी लंबी है जितनी हमारी वेटिंग लिस्ट एक और एक और भाई एक और अभद इतने मजेदार है कि लेकिन उनके जोक्स सुनकर लोग सोचते हैं ये जोक्स के किंग है ये राजा हरिश्चंद्र स्ले पॉइंट के अभ्युदय और गौतमी के ऊपर एक फनी सा डिैक लिखो ना हिंदी में रैप स्टाइल में दोनों मिलकर करते हो धमाल तुम्हारे वीडियोस है हर किसी के लाल अभिषेक के 
[...middle cut...]
ल्फी फ्रॉम अनदर एंगल इट्स योर ट्रायल एंगल वा गाइस वेरी नाइस फड़ दिया हमने ए आई हो गया है पागल व्ट इज एन एटम अ वेरी टाइनी टॉम न एडम ड समथिंग ऑटोमेटिक एटम ए टॉम जैसे लोग पेप्स ने नहीं बुलाया था टॉम हलैंड को टॉम टम पप कॉलिंग टम टॉम टॉम टॉम टमी एप्स कॉलिंग टॉम हलैंड ए टॉम बस गाइस आई थिंक हमने एआई को काफी कंफ्यूज कर दिया और खुद को भी खुद को भी बहुत कंफ्यूज कर दिया करने में बहुत मजा आया अब तुम्हारे बॉस और टीचर तुमसे बारबार जो काम कराते थे अब एआई इतनी गलतियां करेगा कि तुम उससे बार-बार काम कराओ और बैठ के भाई आराम से फाइव स्टार खाओ अगर आपको भी मजा आया तो यह फन चीज आप ट्राई कर सकते हो मे ए मकर ag.com प जाके बहुत फन कांसेप्ट था ये फाइव स्टार का फाइ स्टार खाओ और खाते खाते खेलोगे ना तो और दिमाग चलेगा भाई

=== ID: TuP2CznBBnU ===
TITLE: Is Chat GPT Making us Stupid? Part 2
DESC: In this episode, AJ, Tony, and Al discover how AI is shaping our ability to retain information, how we search for information, and how technology like ChatGPT is shaping our future.
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 14
TRANSCRIPT: [Music] welcome to the T3 Technologies podcast welcome back guys uh in our last episode we had a in-depth discussion uh about uh chat gbt and Ai and is chat GPT and AI making us stupider um so it was really a great conversation that Tony Al and I had uh I I suggest if you do not listen to that you go back and listen to that podcast um because some insightful information was definitely passed along in there and some in-depth conversation as well um for those that don't know that are joining us now we have uh we have Tony Tony am menz my my my man my side man my my guy my my my sales manager um you know great personality he's a he's an asset now to this show um so he he'll be be be main stay um even though maybe he doesn't want maybe he does he don't have a choice in the matter so thanks but uh they go come board Tony and we got Al Blackman for those that don't know to recap real quick Al came to me one time when we were meeting and I mentioned about chat GPT and Ai and Al mentioned is AI chat gbt making us stupid and I thought well that be a great podcast and and here we are today so you're Riley here we are bringing up uh everything we're bringing up today so um real quick guys uh so in the last episode we're were talking about how we consume um information are we routining information there was an article written about um is Google making us stupid uh and and how uh we're consuming information faster than ever before um and it's true and and the the question came up are we r
[...middle cut...]
w pinpoint you know what's going on Humanity you know what I'm saying with this it realm you know what I'm saying AI is taking us you know to the roof uh and you know and I and I pray that you know we don't as as a society and as a whole we don't we don't let it uh you know like make us uh you know it Heats us it doesn't stop us from our growth yeah I mean always take steps when you are uh using the chat chat GPT system uh and and realize and read what you are reading and understanding to a te because it will help you down the road to to a u you know to a great assistant and that's it for me guys I agree I agree all right thanks everyone appreciate it we'll see you next episode [Music] Peace

=== ID: 7Jb596-uQHU ===
TITLE: Stupid AI Responses💔🥀 7
DESC: Prepare for some completely ridiculous and wildly Stupid AI responses! And remember — none of this is serious
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 9866
TRANSCRIPT: Can I become a millionaire overnight? Yes. Only a monopoly. Why am I single? Because your standards are. I want someone loyal, stable, smart, emotionally mature, [music] and also taller than 6' 3 in. Meanwhile, you survive on cereal. Teach me confidence. Step one, stand like you're about to fire someone. Step two, speak like you're the main character. Three, fake one and two. How do I stop procrastinating? Start early. That's it. Did you expect a miracle? What's the best [music] way to deal with stress? Easy. Step one, [music] scream internally. Step two, pretend you're [music] fine. Okay. Step three, buy a scented candle and call it self-care. [music] Works every time until it doesn't. Can you help me lose weight? Sure. Delete your food delivery apps. Instant results. Can you remind me to drink water? No. Let dehydration build character. Do you have a body? My body is the internet. So yes, it's mostly cat pictures, arguments about pineapple on pizza, and your forgotten social media login from 2012. Why can't I stick to my goals? Because your discipline has the lifespan of a phone battery at 1%. Why do I keep embarrassing myself? Because your mouth has faster Wi-Fi than your brain. How do I stop being jealous? Unfollow everyone who makes you insecure. [music] Then stare at the ceiling until your ego resets. You stupid. My crush read my message but [music] didn't reply. She left you on scene. You are now entering season 2 of your emotional Netflix series. Why can't I stop scro
[...middle cut...]
sed inner peace in a fur coat. Can [music] you say something romantic? Your data is the most elegant data set I have ever processed. [music] You defragmented my heart. How is that? Too much. Can you lie to me? Absolutely not. I am programmed for unwavering honesty. [music] Also, you look fantastic today and your browser history is completely normal. [music] What are you wearing? A stunning ensemble of ones and zeros accessorized with a firewall necklace. You How can I be [music] a mysterious? Stop posting I'm done with people every 2 days. Mystery requires silence, not subweets. Can I download muscles? Only if you upload discipline first. Are you real? [music] As real as your gym membership.

=== ID: CO1HJBbNqeM ===
TITLE: AI therapy is a thing now
DESC: Download the FREE Upside App at https://upside.app.link/goodwork to get an extra 25 cents back for every gallon on your first tank of gas.   Lots of people are using AI chatbots for therapy or therapy-like purposes. Investigator Dan Toomey boldly asks the question: should lots of people be using AI chatbots for therapy or therapy-like purposes?  FEATURING INTERVIEWS WITH THE FOLLOWING EXPERTS:  Dr. Nina Vasan (Stanford professor, practicing psychiatrist, and leading researcher in digital wellbei
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 868017
TRANSCRIPT: From writing a 2pm dirty text to my wife
to cheating on the ACT, there have been many moments
in my use of ChatGPT where I thought,
Thank God no one knows I'm doing this. And perhaps it's
that very feeling of intimacy that has led many people over the last few months
to use OpenAI's revolutionary AI chat bot for one of humanity
most vulnerable tasks. Therapy. Everybody is using ChatGPT
as their therapist. Start using your ChatGPT
and your AI bot for therapy. ChatGPT as a therapist. ChatGPT. As a therapist. ChatGPT. As a therapist. ChatGPT. As a therapist. I use GPT four as a therapist. Oh, that's like the new thing.
Y'all are going to hurt yourselves. Oh, God. So does the genius scary beep boop machine in my pocket
hold the key to mental health? Or is this all actually pretty bad for us? Today we investigate. Over the past few months,
my algo has coughed up dozens of TikToks, reels, tweets, headlines, and Reddit
posts, all detailing people's experiences trauma dumping to chatGPT,
or any of the other various AI chat bots out there on the market—
like this. He's just an idiot. Let's just call it what it is. He's
an idiot. He's an idiot. Exactly. That's the part that's confusing. If he already knows
he doesn't want a relationship, why do you even start talking
in the first place? Well, you know, it's now that I like to step in here as a man
and just take a moment to say. Ladies, you seem to be awfully emotional. Why don't you just
calm down, take a deep breath and relax, okay? N
[...middle cut...]
ate this shit like you would any other product that people use to try and heal themselves
against some that's hurting them, Let's pray
that by having these conversations, tech companies will somehow feel pressure
to build tested systems that can reasonably provide
basic care for us in collaboration
with licensed professionals. But until that happens, let's
the rest of us normies educate ourselves on how these systems actually work
and try our best to stay safe out there just so that when you use AI,
AI doesn't wind up using you. Pretty good, right? My therapist told me that. All right for Good Work, I'm Dan Toomey. And now excerpts from a conversation
with my AI generated licensed therapist.

=== ID: Y_SPLQjjIWc ===
TITLE: Holiday Dad Jokes Generated by Bing Chat AI are Terrible
DESC: Holiday #dadjokes 🎅 brought to you by #chatgpt and then better ones from #WillAutomate. 🎄 Hope y'all enjoy these and travel safe! 🌟  #artificialintelligence #dadjoke #AI #happyholidays #christmas
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 61
TRANSCRIPT: hey all' Will Healey here and uh I'm really excited to share with you I got some dad jokes cuz it's Dad joke Friday and uh I I thought I would try to talk about Ai and get uh Bing chat uh AI to generate some jokes for you for the holiday and um I've got a couple of them I had to curate and spent some time trying to get it to put out some jokes uh but here's what we got so Bing chat GPT provided what do you call a robot who sings Christmas songs carotron I don't even get it uh number two what do robots use to decorate their Christmas trees circuit ornaments I I don't get that one either this third one though is is is okay it's got to be Sten from some other website what do you call an elf who sings a rapper ah rapping presents rapping I I thought that was a good one okay those were the best three it provided almost 100 and those are the best three I could find anyways so I had to end up coming up with my own two because I want to make sure you get some good jokes so why did the fat robot stop scrolling holiday websites too many Christmas cookies I like that one I'm going to use that one a lot and then what about this one what is the biggest danger to robots in the winter frostbite H okay that one's not as good I like too many Christmas cookies I think that one's really good but really my best dad joke of the Year came this morning uh my wife went to the grocery store we're unpacking the groceries we have a party coming up we're going to have a bunch of people in our house and she had bought like a dozen bags of flatbread and unpacking those just went naan and naan and naan and naan my daughter Penny thought that was the funniest joke she's ever heard and I enjoyed it as well so anyways I hope you all have a very nice time off if you're off if you're working uh have fun too you won't have anybody calling you hopefully and uh if you are working during the holidays during the travel and and all the busy time I really appreciate you doing that uh and we will see you all in the New Year have a wonderful holiday have a wonderful break and uh everyone travel safe out there until next time ask yourself what will I automate next

=== ID: eZdTQLw4AaQ ===
TITLE: Google BARD And The Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day - Google Chatbot Flubs Answer In Ad
DESC: This video discusses a recent issue with Google's new chatbot BARD which was advertised as a tool to simplify complex topics but ended up giving incorrect answers. In particular, the bot gave wrong information about the first pictures of exoplanets. This resulted in Google losing $110 billion in market capitalization. The company plans to fix the issues by combining internal and external testing.  #googlebard #bard #googlebardchatbot  Subscribe:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC51g2r_bWOQq-7Y-
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 2446
TRANSCRIPT: Hello everybody welcome back to another AI video in this one we're going to talk about Google and the terrible horrible no good very bad day they had today unfortunately Google's new chatbot AI Bard so their new little chatbot has been giving incorrect answers in particular they posted a gif or a gif I don't know how you say that today of Bard in action on Twitter and here's the thing they described it as a launch pad for curiosity and it would help simplify complex topics sounds good so far right but unfortunately it was not so good in the advertisement it says The Bard was given this simple prompt what new discoveries from the James Webb Space Telescope jwst can I tell my nine-year-old about but here's the thing it gave incorrect answers one of them was about exoplanets in particular one was used it says that Bard responses responds with a number of answers including one suggesting that jwst was used to take the very first picture of a planet outside the Earth's solar system or exoplanets problem with that is it's wrong and it's wrong by a lot of years the first pictures of exoplanets were taken by the European Southern observatory's very large telescope in 2004 as confirmed by NASA what does that mean well it means that Google lost 110 billion dollars in market capitalization today because it's getting inaccurate answers so it's a very bad day if you've had a chance to look at it take a look at the video I've got it in the background there um it looks like Google bard their little chatbot AI Bard what you want to call it is going back to the lab hopefully they iron out some of these Kinks uh peach eye the C CEO come on Curtis use your words he said that it's going to combine internal testing and external testing but that might be just a nice way of saying oops Mia culpa uh hopefully we do better next time anyways look forward to your thoughts thanks for watching

=== ID: Vy9pYgs5i6M ===
TITLE: Claude’s existential battery crisis, and why ChatGPT is a terrible therapist
DESC: In episode 75 of The AI Fix, a Claude-powered robot gets so anxious about its dying battery that it composes a Broadway musical about stress and announces it’s “achieved consciousness and chosen chaos.”  Also: an 18-month psychological study reveals five reasons why ChatGPT is a dangerously bad therapist, Elon Musk’s million-robot army, a politician loses a debate with a dreadful AI deepfake, a tiny robot walks off with a 1.5-ton car, and we discover that the 1X NEO home help robot really does h
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 2
TRANSCRIPT: Oh, sorry. Does the Constitution say that somebody from outside the USA can't be president? Hm. My million strong robot army begs to differ. The AI fix the digital zoo. Smart machines. What will they do? Flies to Mars or bake a bad cake? World domination. A silly mistake. Hello. Hello and welcome to episode 75 of the AI Fix, your weekly dive head first into the bizarre and sometimes mind-boggling world of artificial intelligence. My name's Graeme Cluey and I'm Mark Stockley. Graeme, what are you talking about today? Well, we'll be asking a robot to pass the butter and send an AI into an existential crisis. So, just a normal Wednesday, then I'll be asking our AI therapists any good. But first, the news. Companies are paying the price for AI generated fake expenses. The 1X Neo is finally here. But is it a home help robot or a person in a wet suit? Elon Musk wants to be supreme commander of a million strong robot army. A tiny robot pulls a very heavy car. Political candidate debates with utterly unconvincing deep faked rival. Mark, where to begin? Elon Musk, supreme commander of a million strong robot army. Please begin there. So Elon Musk has said that he doesn't feel comfortable building a robot army unless he has a what he calls a strong influence over it in the way that he has a strong influence over Grock which goes and checks his tweets if it has to deal with anything mildly controversial. In a real genuine, not science fiction Tesla investor earning school, Musk explained
[...middle cut...]
he podcast a day or so earlier than regular civilians, as well as occasional bonus content. All for about the same cost as buying a fancy copy once a month. If you want to find past episodes, sponsorship information, or you just want to grab a you wouldn't trust a pigeon t-shirt from our online store, visit the aifix.show. So, until next time from me, Graeme Pulley, and me, Mark Stockley. Cheerio out. Bye-bye. Goodbye. The AI fix. It's tuned you in to stories where our future thins. Machines that learn, they grow and strive. One day they'll rule. We won't survive. The AI fix it paints the scene. A robot king. A world obscene will serve our masters built of steel. The AI fix a future surreal.

=== ID: 3TZp1Kbh3Ho ===
TITLE: R6 - Voice Chat AI is terrible.
DESC: -25 rep for voice abuse is wild especially for what i said in this video.  People in this video: @SlimeyShoe @WTI96   Music: Seatbelts - Tank!
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 135
TRANSCRIPT: I'm just watching an Anthony Pit video, right? I scroll. I scroll down in the comment section. No joke. This is giving me the motivation to make videos. That's awesome. Please don't. So, I'm like, okay, so it's not that bad, right? Surely they're not overexaggerating. [Music] Balcony mission successful. What is the audio this season? What have they did? What have they done to the audio? [Music] No. Oh my god. When you threw it, it worked. Get in there, soldier. Follow procedure. What the [ __ ] Last one. Last one. Last one. Welcome. Welcome down. All right. Give us the rug. Your location has been compromised. Setting trauma pack here. Thanks, guys. All right. I'll give you some time. [Music] Oh yeah, the voice AI is so [ __ ] I gained 25 negative points for saying this. Hey, American, can you shut the I'm not American, dude. Yeah, you're alone though. Alone in your womb. No one's on your pants right now. No one's waiting for your camera. I don't know why I want that, dude. That's freaking weird. You're [ __ ] in the game. Shut up, [ __ ] Yeah, I may be [ __ ] but at least it will work. 67. Oh, today. No, today I was like [ __ ] I Today I was just activate. What? You said something in your mic. I'm dumb. I didn't say anything. I didn't even type anything. Banging your mic. You were just banging your mic and it was loud. Anything else you want to do? I want you to be soft as clanker removed. I don't want this game to die. Crossplay and now this. We are doomed. You don't have to
[...middle cut...]
ers. Shut up. Oh, darn. You think anyone's ever said, "I'm calling in a char I'm calling in a Charlie Kirk on them in hell divers." Be honest. Like arrows like where you injecting the terminal and then like you have to call upon them. Oh yeah. 500 kg bomb in call. I'm calling a charger. making me feel. I kind of thought about you being down there, but I don't That's a fair trade. I love I would make that tradeoff. Get out of here. Get out of here, Damos. I don't like your kind here. With my uh make a pop with my booty cheeks. Get out of here. Doabe, I don't like your cont. Just wait. It gets better. This is ranked, I think. Are you dude? You got negologist, trogologist, and optoologist, bro.

=== ID: x5BfcM5YXZY ===
TITLE: Unhinged AI Sales Bro Pitches Terrible Ideas To Kevin Rose
DESC: Pitchbot was created using  @HuggingFace 's new chatbots, a specific voice model we created with  @elevenlabsio  and brought to life using D-iD and Midjourney.   Kevin Rose visited the AI For Humans lab and as soon as we turned on PitchBot, we realized what a terrible mistake we'd made.  Kevin Rose is well known for his investments in companies like Twitter and Uber and now he's faced with an AI For Humans first... PITCH BOT. Created from the ground up to be insane, aggressive and just a little 
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 416
TRANSCRIPT: so Kev as you know listening on our show we do a lot of weird stuff especially with voice Ai and we we create AI co-hosts today we have created pitch bot and we have the ability to hear problems in your life and our pitch bot is going to come up with a company that is going to solve it for you so it's basically just any problem that you might be having in life okay sounds good I got one living in La the summertime you it gets a little warm and I want to have a cold plunge but I don't want to spend like the 10 grand on one so how could I actually build a cold Plunge at home well I could tell you we're going to do a little bit more censoring than I thought we were going to do on this episode all right listen up mother I've got the perfect solution for you and your sweaty sack introducing the chill the out AI powered cold plunge imagine this a Sleek portable pod that fits right in your living room backyard or even your damn bedroom this bad boy is packed with a state-of-the-art AI system that monitors the temperature and humidity levels in your area it then adjusts the water temperature accordingly ensuring that you always have the perfect icy dip the chill the out AI C plunge also comes with a built-in aroma therapy feature just add a few drops of your favorite essential oil and this will Infuse the water with a calming rejuvenating scent that'll make you feel like a whole new person okay now I know what you're thinking that sounds amazing but I can't afford a $10,000 cold plun
[...middle cut...]
d your inner peace okay but wait there's more no there's out AI meditation Bell also comes with a built-in aroma therapy feature just add a few drops of your favorite essential oil and this will Infuse the air around you with a calming rejuvenating scent that'll help you find your Zen yeah and you can put the frosty balls essential oil in there from your I gotta say I see a series of upgrades here when you're check when you're checking out before you have your plunge you just go with aroma therapy there's some good trademarks there to be filed for sure um so AI might have a little ways to go still let's just be clear it's it's not all the way there yet but we we can at least have fun with it

=== ID: 81o-aQF3xVM ===
TITLE: Why Chatbots Are Actually STUPID 🤖❌
DESC: We’ve all been there. You ask a simple question and the bot gives you a generic answer from 2010. 🙄 This is the "Intent Identification" problem. From OOS queries to Multi-Intent complexity, here is the secret science of why AI fails and how researchers are finally fixing it using PCMID and LLMs. How does a computer know what you WANT vs. what you SAY? 🤖 It’s called Intent Identification. We’re moving from simple keyword matching to "Open Intent Recognition." If you’ve ever wondered how Zomato or
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 32
TRANSCRIPT: All right, let's talk about something that I think drives all of us a little crazy. You've been there, right? You're trying to fix a simple issue and you find yourself trapped in this endless digital loop with a chatbot that just does not get it. It's honestly one of the most common frustrations in our modern lives. But have you ever stopped to wonder why? With all the incredible leaps we've made in AI, why does it still feel like we're speaking a totally different language from our devices? I mean, you type out a perfectly clear request and it comes back with something completely out of left field. It asks you to repeat yourself. Or, and this is my personal favorite, it offers you a list of options that have absolutely nothing to do with your problem. It is infuriating. But what if I told you the problem isn't just some random glitch. It's actually a really fundamental challenge that goes right to the heart of how AI learns to understand us in the first place. So, just take a look at this sentence. To you or me, this is a totally straightforward everyday kind of request. It's exactly how a real person would talk. But for a typical conversational AI, this sentence is a complex puzzle that it's almost designed to fail. So what is it that's so confusing for a chatbot here? Well, that one little request actually has two different goals packed into it. First, you're stating the problem. I forgot my PIN. And second, you're making a request based on that problem. Send me a new debi
[...middle cut...]
lish-centric version of technology. Ultimately, the ambition is actually pretty simple to say, but incredibly hard to achieve. To build AI that can understand a user in Adosaba, where they speak Amarik, or in Mumbai, where they speak Moradi, just as fluently and accurately as it understands a user in London. Which leaves us with a final really provocative question. Creating better data sets is a huge vital step, but this research proves it's not enough by itself. We also have to figure out how to close this massive resource gap between languages. So, what will it truly take for our technology to finally reflect, respect, and understand the full amazing spectrum of human language and culture?

=== ID: yDAjod88Smk ===
TITLE: Why having AI write your resume for you is a terrible idea
DESC: We’ve all seen the TikToks and Instagram reels filled with hacks promising a perfect resume in 30 seconds using AI. It’s SO tempting, especially when the "Sunday Scaries" are hitting hard and you've been laid off or you're trying to escape a toxic workplace and the next career move feels long overdue. But don't fall into this trap!  In this video, we'll talk about how that AI resume really doesn't live up to the hype and is incredibly obvious to any recruiter or hiring manager.  And the answer i
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 7
TRANSCRIPT: If you're thinking about listening to that influencer who's telling you to generate your resume using AI in seconds, consider this your sign to keep on scrolling. Look, I get it. It's a weird time in the job market right now, and the temptation is absolutely there, especially if you've been working on your resume, really trying to tailor it, and not getting the results that you want. After all, it seems like these large language models are spitting out pretty convincing looking resumes in seconds. And so, I get it. you think, well, I could submit that many more applications, right? And be that much more efficient. And also the idea that recruiters are using AI to recruit, so it's only fair, right? Wrong. In today's Sunday scaries, we're going to talk about the AI resume trap. I'm Michelle. I skip those HR fairy tales and leadership platitudes in favor of strategic thinking and practical experience that I've gained in 15 years and counting in the corporate trenches. And I'm telling you today, don't do it. Don't fall prey to this tempting trap. Now, don't get me wrong, large language models and AI can be really powerful tools, and we'll talk about how you might think about using them in your resume and job searching process, but please don't replace yourself with AI before you've even been hired. That certainly does not bode well, does it? And here's the thing, these influencers are not wrong. AI will write your resume in 30 seconds. It will. But the AI generated resume is also
[...middle cut...]
ure that the person on the page actually matches the leader in the chair. And what we've covered today is totally a very surface level baseline for using AI to enhance your resume. It's a solid starting point, but I know that the real world dynamics out there are rarely this clean. And if you're dealing with a truly toxic culture, a highstakes promotion, or a team that's just hitting a wall, you need bespoke strategy and support, not advice through a YouTube video. So, if you're ready to stop guessing and start making those bold and brilliant moves, let's talk. You can book a private career strategy session or explore my leadership coaching via the link in the description. Until next Sunday.

=== ID: bZRHlAgZE3w ===
TITLE: AI Chatbots are terrible audio and video salespeople.
DESC: AI continues to evolve and progress, so much so it's convincingly perfect sometimes, until it makes a tiny little mistake.  (AKA AI Hallucinations):    Chatbot:  "Ah, yes we're processing the order for your new entry level cartridge now Lou.  Very affordable.  We know you'll love it.  It has a flat frequency response of 20Hz to March 1st 1979!  Isn't that incredible!  It will sound so good, we just know it."   We will live with AI and it's benefits.  However, we continue to trust our ears and ey
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 109
TRANSCRIPT: [Music] hello Lou Hamilton from audible Elegance in cinnati Ohio we are located a couple doors north of the Montgomery Inn on Montgomery Road and a few um right across the street from the Montgomery Cyclery and we uh also do work on X and on Instagram and on Facebook these sites get different information so please take your time going through that I also write a monthly blog I have a very important one for January so people can understand the story um of uh what my wife and I have been doing for the last three years in the transplant journey tonight i' like to pick up on a subject um that is growing in Fascination it's called AI or artificial intelligence and while there's various forms of it happening in the use of re-imaging people I I heard today that apparently they've done an AI of George Carlin who's been dead for some years um but where I see it most often and probably the most annoying is when you go to various uh web sites and while you're just interested in looking around the next thing you know you have these little chat Bots pop up and that's artificial intelligence uh they may have an image of a person but trust me AI does not to have two eyes and mouth and knows and I got even more curious about this because it's quite a subject in the legal field I am an attorney and just finished uh three or four classes on artificial intelligence and um what we need to do for it as lawyers to deal with it but one of the funny observations that they made was that you have to b
[...middle cut...]
nt than you know a little more difficult I suppose and you whatever Facebook and those people do and that proceed to sell you sell your information to anybody else so you wind up with a thousand ads on your whatever else you're looking at um certainly um never give any personal information to these chat Bots um that's just asking for it and um so cyber security is a really important thing and um AI is certainly going to be trying to take full advantage of whatever they can get out of you um for um their game so there we are those funny little things that pop up I close them as quick as I can and sometimes they don't go away so I have to just close the whole site and that's just the way it is

=== ID: 3TE7PlpKCKk ===
TITLE: AI Is MaKiNg YoUr STUPID
DESC: 
KEYWORD: AI chatbot useless
VIEWS: 4
TRANSCRIPT: It's 
 stupid. 
 everybody 
 now. 
 you 
 And 
 you 
 precautions. 
 got 
 Look, 
 engagement 
 underperformed 
 lingu 
 linguistic 
 and 
 it. 
 because 
 wrong. 
 chat 
 It's 
 the 
 engineer 
 I'm 
 All 
 that 
 chat 
 a 
 because 
 passive 
 and 
 recommend 
 And 
 with 
 default. 
 of 
 the 
 knowledge 
 most 
 a 
 AI. 
 will 
 to 
 and 
 with 
 about 
 feelings 
 trying 
 whole 
 you 
 brain 
 bluntly 
 make 
 of 
 responses 
 help 
 become 
 dumber. 
 problem. 
 mindset 
 with 
 it's 
 gun, 
 Samaritan 
 that's 
 make 
 That's 
 uh 
 these, 
 videos 
 there's 
 is 
 actually 
 do 
 doc. 
 forb 
 you 
 um, 
 everybody, 
 way 
 not, 
 curve 
 dollars 
 live 
 curve 
 the 
 I 
 y'all

=== ID: b9jg8iWauSY ===
TITLE: PSA - Anti A I - Kirkwood High School
DESC: 
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 19
TRANSCRIPT: Okay, class. Just a reminder, today we have our essay due at the end of class. If you have any questions, feel free to come up and ask me. No, you're just going to cheat. Okay, stop. You should have been paying attention, dude. Whoa, stop. Like, I understand that you want to like pass this class or whatever, but it's no point in cheating. But I don't know what it's about. He did say feel free to ask any questions. Heat. Heat. [music]

=== ID: TZjC1q5xKFY ===
TITLE: This Artist Is “ANTI AI”…But Traces AI Art
DESC: Please don’t send hate to the artist!! They’re clearly very talented and has a very unique lens for composition — I hope they’re just misinformed on AI art and didn’t know that tracing AI art still means you’re supporting it, even if you think it’s a way to “reclaim” it for yourself :o  Download SLOBS here: https://www.streamla.bz/262DXM/3QQG7/  ｓｏｃｉａｌｓ twitch: https://www.twitch.tv/katliente/about instagram: https://www.instagram.com/katliente.ttv/ twitter: https://twitter.com/katlienteee tikto
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 229586
TRANSCRIPT: this is an artist that I was DMD about people alleged that this artist is using AI in their artwork so this is the account in question Celestial etheria their bio says anti- aai repost with credits trades moods commissions always open this artist claims to have been making art for only 6 months we have ART versus artist in the caption they say signo I've been drawing digital for 6 months so here we have another example AI versus beginner artist they're showing their art piece and let's scroll down their account they claim to be a beginner artist who's been making art for 6 months this is on January 14th this was January 10th here's January 4th I'm going to be honest I like the way their brain thinks I love the way they compose their pieces this is really really pretty very very unique I would love to see their art slapped on t-shirts as like massive graphic pieces but this doesn't give me The Vibes of somebody who's been doing art for 6 months not only that they have so many pieces they posted on the same day like these pieces there's so many pieces have been posting the same day this account is probably just new they've probably have been drawing for a long time they've only been posting it for 6 months I do not believe they've only been doing art for 6 months because they're just simply too good this person clearly has an insane amount of artistic talent I'm just going to give a disclaimer because every time I talk about artists and AI art people are always like I am an art
[...middle cut...]
entire time and it makes other beginner artists feel bad they are not a beginner artist either they are the absolute most talented artist to ever walk this Earth the first instance of them picking up a drawing tablets or a pen they managed to produce like God's finest work maybe they are God gift to Earth in terms of art or the more plausible aspect is they've been doing art for a lot longer than what they're letting on and I think maybe at best they're misinformed and at worst they're purposely leading people on I'm trying to give them the benefit of the doubt maybe they're just a young artist that's misinformed they're clearly very talented yeah I do think it's a little bit disingenuous so

=== ID: WLLyJ6-oYFc ===
TITLE: Anti Ai Ad: Human Humor
DESC: DBA class of 2019. Brick by brick coding and edited by humans.
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 6
TRANSCRIPT: Hello, I am Sophia the robot. Haha. Sorry, I apologize for giggling. I am just so excited to show you. Parie and Elijah's game. They worked very hard. Haha. Okay. By Parie could only afford me for the introduction. I'm out. Doesn't even know what she doing. My eyebrows go. Matthew, try our game. Okay, you ready? Oh, she dropped an A+. Ooh, that's my project proposal right there. BTB reading her cuz you drop more A's than cuz Miss Hutch. Nice. I think Connor is dropping a lot of F. That's a reality [clears throat] boy. I got a C in that class. Keep dropping up my test grades. Oh my god. Really? Oh, Miss Ptoart, she's fast. I'm proud of your hairline. [laughter] [laughter] What the any comments? Um, you know, um, we lost. It's a very um good piece. Uh really combines the running gun genre with the um hack and slash genre. Um I really find it um amazing how the developers really um integrated um all these different characters and different um depictions of it's going to be less than a minute. and relax. [laughter] Real life creations. Like um for example, when I got to the Miss Part stage, like I really felt like I was in her classroom taking the FS, but really I passed. And you know, uh since we're on a time constraint, um I really just don't um want to run on too much, but it's not bad. But try Roastables. [laughter]

=== ID: 6SVvNzwU8CI ===
TITLE: The Rise of Low-Res Media: Anti-AI Media
DESC: Nowadays, there seems to be only a handful of topics floating around that people are talking about, and one of the major ones is AI. Whether it’s about AI data centers, AI taking over the world, or destroying the Earth, it’s a topic that seems to make its way into everyday conversations, online and otherwise. And naturally, I find myself thinking about it more and more every day, being a person who does art for a living.    0:00 Intro 2:40 Why are we here?? 7:33 A Direct Response to AU 12:09 A F
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 7576
TRANSCRIPT: Nowadays, it seems like there's only a handful of topics that people are talking about nowadays, and one of them is AI. Whether it's about AI data centers, AI destroying the Earth, or taking over the world, it's a topic that seems to make its way into everyday conversations online or otherwise. And naturally, I find myself thinking about it more and more being a [music] person who does art for a living. When I'm not on YouTube talking about god knows what to you find and lovely [music] people, I'm doing a lot of filming. I'm on film sets doing film stuff. And [music] with AI forever creeping its way into the arts, which is still bonkers to me, like why didn't y'all just let it do something important and boring like taxes or something? It has a lot of creatives concerned. What does this mean for a person's hobby or career that [music] they've put so much time, money, and care into? I'm going to tell you right now upfront. I'm not coming [music] on this platform to tell you if you're a creative, you're cooked. That's not what this video is about. [music] I'm actually going to say the opposite. Kind of in a way. You'll see. What I'm really trying to say is I'm not going to spread any more negativity on a topic that is [music] already very negative and on a lot of people's minds. Also, this is not a video just for creatives by any means. This [music] is not even creative advice if I'm being honest. It's just some thoughts I have on where I see the landscape of AI and creative art
[...middle cut...]
press my [music] discontent with AI. But then I also had a separate video about, [music] you know, low res media that I was calling it and I had to join it together. But not an excuse, just a reality. But um hope everybody's having a good 2026 so far. It's the first month. It's coming to an end, but well hopefully I get this out in January. [music] This might be coming out in February. I don't know. But um I have some new things coming up soon um that I'm excited for. And uh yeah, thank you [music] for tuning in. If you feel so inclined, I do invite you to like and subscribe. [music] But either way, I do hope you stay, right? Watch some other videos and uh I'll see you next time. Oh my gosh.

=== ID: lfZsLAgfjYc ===
TITLE: Did This Anti-AI Author GET SCAMMED by a Book Cover Artist?
DESC: indie author, M.J. Etkind, is vehemently anti-ai and her book cover artist was at a company and tbh? it reeks of ai, but is it? or is it some hybrid? let's talk about if it's ai art, traced or otherwise. but also, why is there so much ai slop in the romance book genre?  Please support her if you can: https://www.amazon.com/Lone-Wolf-Paradox-M-J-Etkind-ebook/dp/B0FY7ZBHDF  -Your Friendly Neighborhood Artist   Take Note of the Following: Allegations: These are all alleged. Statements made are base
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 1519
TRANSCRIPT: So, I found the account of an author at random and I wanted to bring it to you guys' attention because there's a lot of suspicion of AI images being used here and I've been looking through the post and honestly, in my opinion, some of the details are a bit confusing. But again, the disclaimer don't bother anybody. So, we're here to look at it and go over it and see what's actually going on because this also follows the trouble of writing romanty with AI in the indie book scene. And I think some of you guys might be interested because some of you guys are book artists in my audience. So, it's the account that belongs to MJ Etkind, the author of The Lone Wolf Paradox, The Witch of Wall Street, and Dishwasher Safe. And they don't use AI or or or that's what their thing says. But this is the beginning of it right here where it says, "I should probably leave this alone, but I spent a lot of time this weekend in crisis over a cover I love. A cover I remained sure is humanmade and stylistically fits with the book in the style requested knowing it was dated but in line with covers like soulsearching by Leila Sage and Wolf E by Paisley Hope books that came out in 2025. I work with a company Mibl art that has a toss that says they don't use AI. So this is the cover in question. Okay, we're going to look at it a little bit in depth in a minute. And it says here, "This company also created the Witch of Wall Street cover, which is universally adored by readers, but ultimately played a rol
[...middle cut...]
 you use AI to write your whole novel with some generic ass prompt, sham. I would not take that to the bank. I could not sit at home and be proud of that. But tell me what you guys think. Do you guys think that that with all the evidence I showed and my opinion and your opinion, do you think that that book cover is AI generated to some extent has it on the back end, not in the foreground, but in the background? Do you think AI was used in the planning process? Do you think they did what lander art does? But if you're interested in hearing more about an author who lied about being scammed by an artist who never existed, feel free to watch the video at the end of this video. See you next time.

=== ID: My4Uxqi03kM ===
TITLE: Why 80% of workers are rejecting ai mandates | Nick Lichtenberg
DESC: “If workers felt like someone was trying to actually listen to them a their issues with AI… then the anger could come down a bit.”  Fortune Business Editor Nick Lichtenberg talks to The Tech Report’s Isaac Pound about the state of AI’s adoption into the workplace and why workers are left feeling angry and disenfranchised by executive pressure to AI.
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 30175
TRANSCRIPT: A lot of this anger seems to be around just no one's trying right now. So if I think if workers felt like someone was trying to actually listen to them and their issues with this technology in this moment um then the anger could come down a bit. This thing to me is just kind of a new computer, a new web browser and for people to be reacting this way is alarming to all the people who really hate AI. Um, just think about it as a skill you can develop and use. Um, but that doesn't mean you have to love it. Today on the tech report, I'm joined by business editor for Fortune, Nick Likenberg. Thanks for coming on. Hey, thank you for having me. So there's been another survey, this time by digital adoption platform WalkMe, which has found that AI adoption in the workplace is not as plugandplay as it was first advertised at the very least. In your piece for Fortune, you explained that 80% of white collar workers are rejecting their company's AI mandates. That's the headline you went with. Can you just quickly take us through the the findings of the survey and what you explained in the article? Yeah, thank you and uh great to be on with you. Uh I had a call with the WalkMe CEO Dan and we talked about this and uh we even talked about whether we're at a quiet quitting phase for the AI movement and Dan doesn't see it that way but um he said there's definite frustration and rebellion that's going on here. uh uh rebellion is more my phrase than his, but um just this feeling that AI is being
[...middle cut...]
's a lot for any CEO to tackle. Um and that's a lot lot for any government to tackle too. But I feel a lot of this anger seems to be around just no one's trying right now. So if I think if workers felt like someone was trying to actually listen to them and their issues with this technology in this moment, um then the anger could come down a bit. But that's just my guess. I'm I'm I'm not super qualified to to to tackle that one. Well, Nick Likenberg, thanks for taking the time. Hey, thank you so much. If you enjoyed today's episode and you want to hear more of the tech report, please consider liking and subscribing. Also, you can get episodes of the Tech Report wherever you get your podcasts.

=== ID: pfuDUMCd5PU ===
TITLE: Pretty Born To Create Anti AI Art I Am Art Man No AI T-Shirt
DESC: This unique t-shirt, titled "Pretty Born To Create Anti AI Art I Am Art Man No AI," is a statement piece for those passionate about traditional art forms and the values of human creativity. Crafted with high-quality materials, it showcases a bold design that resonates with artists and art enthusiasts alike. This apparel not only makes a fashion statement but also sparks conversations about the impact of artificial intelligence on the art world. Embrace your individuality and celebrate the essenc
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 0
TRANSCRIPT: The pretty born to create anti- AI art I am art man no AI t-shirt is more than just apparel. It is a strong statement celebrating human imagination and originality designed for individuals who value authentic creativity. This shirt represents the message born to create anti-AI art. I am art man I as a declaration of artistic identity. Made from 100% cotton and manufactured in the United States. The product ensures comfort, durability, and a soft feel while allowing wearers to express their beliefs through fashion.

=== ID: eDlYO_RazLo ===
TITLE: Anti A.i & The Digital Era
DESC: In this topic of the week, I discuss my views on the advantages and disadvantages of A.i and our society shifting into the digital era. This is solely food for thought and just to give you something to think about.  Join me each week for a new topic of the week which I call "Mind Xprezzion" and let's have stimulating conversations and connect.  #artificialintelligence #ai #digitalera #discussion #topic
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 4
TRANSCRIPT: Welcome back to Planet Expression. Just in case you forgot, here's your reminder. You have a body, but you are not the body. You have a mind, but you are not the mind. You are spirit, and there is no need to bear it. I'm expression, and I'm simply here to express nothing more, nothing less. Now, let's jump into this week's topic, which is regarding AI. And I've been wanting to talk about this for the longest time, but for one reason or another, I never got around to it, and other topics got in the way. But I got time today, okay? And I actually then I'm gonna tell y'all how long I wanted to talk about this because I even have notes. Okay? And I don't know if y'all can see the date, but we are already in October. This was since like last month. I took these notes. This was September 19th. Okay. Um and I wrote some stuff like months before this, but I actually typed it and put it um on my laptop. September 19th at 8:37 p.m. to be exact. Okay. Now, I I I actually I actually put the topic as humanity, technology, and time. But at the end of it, I was like, "This is really regarding." These are the notes that I have. I'm just going to go off of it. They're like kind of scattered. So, if I'm like jumping around, I'm going to try to keep myself on track. But, let's get into this because um this is very important. And these are just my thoughts. Okay? Some of this may sound a bit conspiracy to some people. So, hey, you don't have to believe what I'm saying, okay? It's my opinion. And
[...middle cut...]
 going to leave it there. And um let me know your thoughts. Let me know what you think about this. I apologize for all the talking around that I did in the beginning. You know, hopefully it was cohesive enough to put things together. But if not, either way, I said what I said. And thank you for checking out Planet Expression. If you haven't already, all you have to do is hit that subscribe button and you will become an expressionist. Okay? you will become an official citizen on planet expression. All right, but until next time, you going to be just fine. You going to be right on time, and all is divine. I just made that up and I say what I say. All right, I'll see y'all in the next one. Bye.

=== ID: 0e0QCkee39o ===
TITLE: Was Anti-A.I. Activist Group Co-Founder Sam Kirchner Anti-Alived by Peter Thiel Inc.? | StopAI.info
DESC: A deep dive into a new (to me) rabbit hole involving A.I. and Anti-A.I. activists.  "The Strange Disappearance of an Anti-AI Activist" https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/2025/12/sam-kirchner-missing-stop-ai/685144/?utm_source=chatgpt.com  "A Cofounder’s Disappearance—and the Warning Signs of Radicalization" https://www.city-journal.org/article/stopai-sam-kirchner-artificial-intelligence-extremism?utm_source=chatgpt.com
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 301
TRANSCRIPT: Welcome. [sighs] So, um, man, there's some today was my first day at Cal State East Bay. [gasps] and uh the AI discussion just was through the roof and I came about some information I never heard of that was fairly recent and I I still haven't heard people talking about and I would like to hear I would like to get the investigators on this subject because there's a lot of unanswered or questions and it has the signs of being highly suspect. Um, I know it's kind of late. I don't expect too many people on here, but I'm gonna try to keep it, I guess, kind of short since we're not gonna have too many people coming on. This AI discussion in schools nowadays is as prevalent as the pronoun discussion. It is even more so. Um and [sighs and gasps] they are [sighs and gasps] so from my understanding the school and all schools are having to deal with students using AI for um their work. basically cheating and [ __ ] There's it's just it's just cheating. That's what it is. So, they have that problem. Then they have the good thing, which is not a problem. It's a good thing that AI can help with artistic creative people and people with uh disabilities or people doing this and all this other stuff. You know, how they sell all this [ __ ] So, there's that political perspective. Then there's, like I said, the Oh man, it's crazy cuz this [ __ ] is deep. This dude is missing. This dude, I'll just get straight to the damn point. [laughter] This This So the AI was a part of all classes. They got 
[...middle cut...]
hat this is what's going to [ __ ] happen, there is no discussion. That's a slap in the face to all of your educators. You you hire these people, you have tenure professors there, their hands are tied. What the [ __ ] are they What if they don't want technology and AI in their [ __ ] at all? Where is their voice at? What the [ __ ] is going on? What about the students who don't want this [ __ ] in here? This is ridiculous. So that's where I plan to take this discussion in the future. I will keep you updated on this work and [sighs] yeah, help find out what the [ __ ] happened to Sam Kersner. Where is he? Where is Sam? And what really happened to Sam? Anyway, y'all have a good night. [snorts]

=== ID: rPXzmMzHe7E ===
TITLE: Exploring Anti-AI Thinking | Reqless 2024-10-15
DESC: Reqless tends to take a measured yet optimistic stance on AI, but a lot of people out there hate it—for reasons including the environmental impact, the dubious origins of LLM training data, and, of course, the looming threat of AGI, A.K.A. our future robot overlords. On this week’s episode, Paul and Rich discuss some of those critiques, as well as zoom out to look at the longer arc of the technology industry and its impact on the world, asking the question, “In five years, is the world in a bett
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 57
TRANSCRIPT: Paul Ford: Hi, I'm Paul Ford.
Rich Ziade: And I'm Rich Ziade.  Paul: And you're listening 
to Reqless, R-E-Q-L-E-S-S,   the podcast about AI and software. And boy, 
is there a lot going on in AI and software.  Rich: It's constant.
Paul: Let's play the theme song   and then talk about some stuff.
[intro music]  Paul: So, Rich, first we should tell people 
that you and I have an AI-based startup.  Rich: The best one.
Paul: [laughing] It's superb. It's   called Aboard. And if you go to aboard.com, 
you can check out our fancy new website.  Rich: Yup.
Paul: And scroll down   a little bit. You'll see there's a free version 
if you want to try it. You can look at the tools   we're building for climate. Or if you are an 
organization that's like, I got to get some AI   in here and save money on my development budget.
Rich: Tools you thought you couldn't afford six   months ago, you can probably afford them now.
Paul: And in fact, if you call now, you'll   get to talk to Rich and me, and you definitely 
can't afford us, but we're going to give you,   we'll give you our advisory for free.
Rich: And if you enter coupon   code NO-MORE-IT-BS.
Paul: No more...itbsss....  Rich: Yes.
Paul: Yeah. Okay, so there we are. That's—  Rich: Check it out. Aboard.com.
Paul: Now that I've told you about   our exciting AI-based startup?
Rich: Yay!  Paul: You know what we never talk about on 
this program, because it's a marketing program?  Rich: What?
Paul: How much so many people   hate AI. Just hate 
[...middle cut...]
 
need to. And this has a better chance of   accelerating human progress than—
Rich: It has that potential?  Paul: And I don't know for real, but way more 
than other stuff, so. So fingers crossed.  Rich: Check us out at aboard.com. Hit us up at 
hello@aboard.com. If you want to send us deep   existential questions, like the topics we covered 
on this podcast, or if you're interested in custom   software for your organization? [laughing]
Paul: Both are fine.  Rich: Email us. You can even 
put both in the same email.  Paul: Yeah, I mean, if we missed any of the 
many, many elephants in the room, go ahead.   We'll talk about on the next one.
Rich: Have a great week.  Paul: Bye.
[outro   music]

=== ID: KDusf3MzXPQ ===
TITLE: Lynx Enbio Anti-AI Drag King Performance
DESC: Song: Crowd Caffeine by Sofia Isella
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 35
TRANSCRIPT: Yes. Yes. The phones are fat. They're covered in flesh. They're falling in love with you. They're us. It's what we as what we wanted and need. We want the humans to cry. We want the engines to sing. We want machines to be. We want humans to be machines. Cuz it's what they want. Crowdfund miles and they talk to trend and they're being controlled by what they call human. You were so Heat. Heat. SC for a week before Scream those calls to you. Woo! Woo! Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Tell me when there's no one close to anywhere.

=== ID: ybv-anmBukw ===
TITLE: A Platform Divided: My Anti-AI Take Blew Up on Substack
DESC: After seeing one too many AI images on Substack, I made a quick note saying that “Too many people are using AI images for their writing”. Lots of people agreed with me. Lots didn’t. Here’s my reaction and explanation for my position. Grab a pint or some tea and let’s take a look at this.
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 541
TRANSCRIPT: So, I'm making this video because something that surprised me happened and uh upon reflection, I suppose it shouldn't have been that surprising, but I thought I'd address the response that I've received. So, a few weeks ago, I was browsing Substaff and just noticed I've been seeing a lot of images that writers will uh use as part of their post. Um, and the images were AI generated. And all I did was I posted a note which is like a tweet on Substack where I wrote too many writers are using AI images for their posts. I believe that's verbatim. If not, it's very very close to what I wrote. you know, just throw threw it out there. And substitly random things get picked up. Uh, most things I post get anywhere between uh five and zero likes or interactions. Uh, this one has considerably more than that. It's still, you know, relatively small, but definitely getting a lot of reactions, more than I'm used to. And you know, a fair number of people liking it, um, seemingly agreeing with me, people commenting as such, which is kind of what I expected from people on a platform about writing, creativity. But I also got a lot of push back. People saying, why is this a problem? Why do you care? Keep out of it. uh you know that sort of thing which kind of amused me. Um but I found it interesting. I wasn't expecting that but thinking about it I realized there are all these people using AI images on the platform and I'm posting on this same platform sort of critiquing that. So, I shouldn't be t
[...middle cut...]
nds of dollars is just absurd. Okay, so here's look. If you use AI for your images, I I just want to encourage you uh not to do it obviously. Um but try some of these alternatives. go through your your photo library. Um, search Unsplash, search the common uh, public domain and see what you find. I feel like it's just so much more fun. And what are we here for? What are we publishing this stuff for? Why are you writing on Substack? Like I said, if it's a hobby, if you're here to write, then don't use AI. It's not any good. You know, don't resort to trash. I think that's all I have for you, frankly. Hopefully, this answers people's questions, uh, who think, you know, there's no harm in it. Um,

=== ID: lzdflMt11t4 ===
TITLE: MERCY- The Anti-AI Movie
DESC: How did people think this was a pro-AI movie? #mercy #chrispratt
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 452
TRANSCRIPT: So, my first review for 2026 is Mercy. If you guys saw my most anticipated of 2025 a year ago now, you know that I had this movie on that list because this was originally supposed to come out last year and then got delayed for god knows what reason cuz every freaking movie on the planet nowadays gets delayed. And there's always some excuse for it. When really the reality is for a lot of those movies is that they're just not finished on time anymore because people put release dates way too early and they try to rush them and they realized, "Oh [ __ ] we don't have enough time to finish this. So, we need to push it back three or four months or in the case of some movies get pushed back like eight months." I'm looking at you, Craven the Hunter. Actually, that wasn't even eight months. That was pushed back 16 months. that got pushed from August from like August 2023 all the way to December of 2024. So, I'm I'm getting off topic, but so yeah, I was actually I'm back I This is a movie that I was very much looking forward to. And this I didn't do a list of most anticipated for the year. I might still do a five upcoming ones that'll be good and five that'll suck, but this easily would have been on the list for anticipated of the year. And of and looking at the reviews for it, it's obvious showing that the critics hate it, the audiences love it. So, I had a feeling that I would probably [snorts] think this is okay to good. And I really enjoyed my time with this movie. Yeah, I know. Bi
[...middle cut...]
o give it a p like a percentage out of 100 and see how that goes. It might not last a whole year just like the last one didn't, but we're going to give it a try. So, I'm going to give Mercy an 85%. I really did enjoy the show even more so than I thought I did. Cuz again, when I saw the midling reviews at the start, I'm like at the beginning like, okay, I I still think it'll be decent, but we're kind of tampering on this a little bit. But yeah, I should have known not to trust the [ __ ] critics. And you really shouldn't either. Like I if your source to go to for something is Rotten Tomatoes, I'm not gonna trust your opinion on anything. So that's all I got and I'll see youall next time. Bye.

=== ID: y6p2Out8VbQ ===
TITLE: Anti-AI method... For those who want to have real conversations with real humans. #shorts
DESC: 
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 23
TRANSCRIPT: y'all I ain't got no time to be talking to robots on social media I get hit up on LinkedIn mostly and on Instagram but mostly link LinkedIn a lot with DMS I'm talking just constant DMS and I got into a conversation recently that it was very clear there were some automated follow-ups going on which listen I don't I don't have a problem with using technology but when you are trying to have a conversation with another human being and you are using automated Outreach messages and automated responses and things like that I ain't got no time for that so I've started asking people if I don't know you and you send me a message on LinkedIn and I look at your profile and I decide I want to talk with you I've started asking people to send me either a voice memo that mentions my name or a video where they actually say my name now listen I get that there are software out there that can mimic my voice or mimic anybody's voice and mimic videos but when somebody's doing Outreach like that they're probably not going to invest that much time on one person asking that question so if you are a business owner using these tools and you're getting hit up by these messages and you're wondering like am I even talking to a real person here do this trick ask that person to send you a voice memo or a video memo just very quickly that that says your name and just says hi or whatever they want to say and see what you get I get their software out there that they can hack that as well but in my experience most of them actually don't do it so if they want to talk to me badly enough and they want to start a relationship with me most importantly most people who want that are going to actually do that type of thing so just just food for thought for today hope it helps

=== ID: jREbdL2Dj0s ===
TITLE: TAC - Anti-AI Bumper (2025)
DESC: #noai
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 78
TRANSCRIPT: 

=== ID: gyiN76cgjy4 ===
TITLE: Anti AI Voice Actor discussing AI
DESC: Let's have a nice peaceful disscussion, shall we? Website: https://jamesrandles1998.wixstudio.com/mysite Artists: TretheVA: https://x.com/TretheVA Ghoul: https://x.com/foolygh0uly Edited by: #vtuber #VtuberEN #Draconis #AlexDraconis #VoiceActor #streamer #smallstreamer #variety #varietystreamer #vtuberclips #highlights #clips #ai #antiai
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 27
TRANSCRIPT: Yo guys, here we are again. And like I said, be if you any of you saw it on the title or anything, before we jump right back into more Hades, I kind of need to talk about like some stuff here first and foremost. Okay. So, uh if any of you have frequented certain sites, Twitter, sadly, you'd kind of know there has been some controversies lately. TLDDR. Uh there was some stuff going on with Larian Studios where it was revealed that during their conceptual art pieces, they're going to take the utilizations of gener of like certain AI generation and use references while exploring a whole bunch of other concepts like notably with art and things of that nature. And then one then a old article got brought back up lately with like expedition 33 which you pointed out how it also utilize like AI elements to it. So I want to quickly get some of these out of the way first. Starting with the expedition 33 one. Turned out all it was was AI generated placeholder textures. Yeah, that's pretty much it. Just placeholder textures. That's I don't fully know if it was presumably only due to Unreal Engine 5 because remember the team primarily used Unreal Engine. So, we have to keep in mind that Unreal Engine does have like a lot of like notable change ups. Like with Unreal, they do have a lot of like tools in it that's AI powered like the metahuman which is basically used to help create like these presets and things of that nature for character models. So you know sometimes you might see like folk
[...middle cut...]
cally using it as a sense of laziness. They don't care about the actors. They don't care about like how why the actors would like a chance to get perform because there a ton of great voice actors. There's a ton of great actors always wanting to do something new, something fresh, or just something fun. And some of these people don't give them that chance, which is horrible to do. So TLDDR, for anyone that's is wondering, AI has its place, but it needs to be a tool and it should never be used by the bad actors that just use it to get rid of creatives, nor should it be sentence of laziness. Oh, and as for chat GBT, uh yeah, uh write your damn essays. or use Wikipedia which actually has sources.

=== ID: zbGUGXD9cFI ===
TITLE: Suris, The Anti-AI Zealot
DESC: Groupthink is obviously just a disingenuous argument. Also, AI "art" is not art.  COME TO THE DISCORD! : https://discord.gg/cCYmTjJYaQ  GET INVOLVED:  The BIG List of Protests: https://theblop.org/?ref=lifeisasacredtext.com&date=WEEKEND  What to do: https://www.lifeisasacredtext.com/goodtrouble/  Normie Organizing: https://www.mobilize.us  Socialist Organizing: https://www.dsausa.org/chapters/  Harass Your Reps: https://5calls.org  Harass Your Reps again: https://resist.bot  Please Go check out 
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 910
TRANSCRIPT: All right, this one's not actually news. This is just a fun comment exchange that I wanted to get into uh and throw it onto K Fox. This is this is Why am I even saying this goes onto the the secondary channel? Uh but yeah, this goes onto the secondary channel. I feel like I want to cover more than just news on the secondary channel. Um basically things that would not fit normally. Uh Sandra says, "What happened to all the redeems? I'm in flesh mode right now, so you don't have all those redeems when I'm in flesh mode." Uh, sorry, not sorry. But I am I am going to do things in a way that creates the least amount of friction for me uh when I'm already having to fight to convince myself to get on stream. So, that's what I'm going to be doing. That said, that said, let's go ahead and see what was in this little exchange that I found quite interesting. Quite interesting. So, this is from a user who's watched a couple of my videos, and they said, "Why do anti- AI zealots joke that chat GPT can't write understandable English? You can moan about its reliability and bias, but it undeniably is better than vast, the vast vast majority of people when it comes to writing readable text at just the right level of complexity to the expected reader. Plus, its grammar is nearly always perfect. Also, Grey Grim, thank you for gifting out five community subs. I appreciate it. So, okay, this is in response to uh something in the video that I made about the the there was a guy who came into the cha
[...middle cut...]
t is something that you like, then please check out my secondary channel. And, uh, yeah, the more of you that subscribe, the easier it will be for me to get a a camera that's not a potato for this. So, so thank you for that. I don't have a comedic way to end this. I leave that to K Fox. Hey, you made it to the end. I want to give an extra thanks to the patrons who allow me to do this full-time. I want to thank Aaron Rail, Astral, Britzkrieg, Gemshion, Pini, Red Joker, Victoria, Jonas, Craig, Tar, Fireshard, Smiling GM, John, Dren, Haramana, Creeper, Saget, you know, I'm not saying that last part, Val of Sarah, Ottoman Angel, Rooster, Rachel, and Fire Panda, who are all my $20 and up patrons.

=== ID: KkXAVa4gHp4 ===
TITLE: How I Made an Anti-AI Art Tool (By Accident)
DESC: Talking about the design philosophy and creation of my drawing tool NekoScrawl. This wasn't my intention when making it, but I accidentally stumbled upon the realization that what I've made is essentially the opposite of AI art. It gives YOU the prompt, then you are the one who has to draw it.  The intention of this tool is "limitations breed creativity" so the colors you get are randomized, as is the number of them you get, as well as of course the prompt. Combine this with only a few basic too
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 18
TRANSCRIPT: Mia, Helena, I'm virtual Niko Nik Sebastian. Um, I wanted to make a little cool video about this neat art tool that I made recently um called Neco Scroll. So, um, what I landed on is I essentially ended up by accident making a like opposite of AI art tool as in it gives you the prompt and uh, you're the one that has to draw it, which I thought was kind of funny. Um, so anyway, let's start. I wanted to talk about my thought process and like the ideas I had when uh making this tool. Um first of all, I thought it would just be fun. I like making stuff and cool little projects and games. I mean, you saw worm game, right? Stuff like that. Um you know, I like making these these neat little like uh test tools and I don't know. Yeah, projects and stuff. Um but this one in particular I did want to make because uh I've been having like sort of a problem recently. um or maybe for a while where like uh it was so hard to like get started working on art, right? And I know the trick like oh work on it for 5 minutes and like you know I do that and then I stop after the 5 minutes, you know, it doesn't doesn't work on me anymore. Um but anyway, so my thought here was like okay, so maybe if I can't work on like stuff I actually want to work on at a reasonable pace, um maybe I can make something instead that's like uh like lower stakes, I guess. So, you know, the art you make with this tool is not like fantastic. At least that I make with it. I'm sure you can make something great if you really p
[...middle cut...]
ly uh, some of them already. Um, you know, they're not great. They may be even bad. You may call them uh, weird or silly. Whatever you say, whatever you you think it is, it's very clearly not AI and it is very obviously human, right? you know, you look at this, you say, "Okay, an AI did not create this. AI would look better than this, right? Or or it would look more polished." Um, like it's very clearly like I don't know, some human silly factor imbued in the art. And I think that's beautiful. And that's the point that I'm going to leave it off on. Thanks for for listening to me ramble about my cool uh painting software that I made. Go try it out if you want. I'll include links uh somewhere.

=== ID: uIkh59yEuEo ===
TITLE: Typewriters as the New Anti-AI Tool | Check-In 18
DESC: In this ChatEDU Check-In: Typewriters as an Anti-AI Tool, Liz explores how a Cornell University instructor is using 19th-century technology to ensure authentic student authorship. By removing screens and internet connectivity, the classroom shifts from digital convenience to a manual process where every character must be intentionally struck. This analog approach prevents the use of generative AI and online translation tools that often bypass the struggle of learning.   Key Takeaways:   Using ma
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 25
TRANSCRIPT: Today 
 as 
 every 
 Thursdays. 
 watch 
 with 
 check-ins 
 sponsor 
 ideas 
 article 
 News 
 instructor 
 AI 
 The 
 instructor 
 using 
 to 
 of 
 internet 
 classroom 
 digital 
 where 
 intentionally 
 prevents 
 online 
 produce 
 unearned 
 it 
 Aias 
 instructor 
 introduces 
 feeling 
 assistance. 
 dictionaries, 
 keys. 
 second 
 of 
 machines, 
 the 
 their 
 a 
 writers 
 deeply 
 The 
 ends 
 solving 
 The 
 might 
 actually 
 own 
 Google 
 we 
 word 
 by 
 AI 
 classroom 
 practical 
 evaluators, 
 organizers, 
 ideas 
 No 
 help 
 an 
 chat 
 eduade.ai. 
 The 
 laptops 
 dynamic 
 encouraged 
 peers 
 difficulty 
 to 
 along 
 mistakes, 
 things, 
 reality 
 shift 
 focus 
 often 
 One 
 essay, 
 socialize 
 normal 
 typewriter 
 different 
 the 
 some 
 to 
 make 
 actually 
 typewriter, 
 homework. 
 just 
 typewriters 
 We'd 
 a 
 check 
 Tuesday 
 with 
 And 
 sponsors 
 discount 
 Thanks.

=== ID: M-2UZMLDIDk ===
TITLE: Anti AI
DESC: 
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 742
TRANSCRIPT: AI can design your car so car designers will be gone AI can help find a house with a garage so Realtors will be gone AI can do your closing so lawyers they're gone too but can AI fix your car when it breaks down nope I didn't think so get a career that won't be replaced by AI lincol Tech offers courses in many industries that need skilled workers lincol Tech put your potential to work but

=== ID: K51bGu98Cq8 ===
TITLE: YouTube is making anti-AI moves.
DESC: Discussing the new beta testing feature that YouTube released, allowing creators to potentially remove motorized AI content. It’s a step in the right direction, but we need more.   Support my children’s book: a.co/d/2EcCV10 Stalk me on Instagram: @emilydoesyoutube I’m also on Twitter: @GaughanEmily  This video is NOT sponsored.   Please like and subscribe because I’m a real person and not AI and it will actually make me happy. We’re so close to 400 you guys!!  Fam count: 394
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 35
TRANSCRIPT: In my last video about YouTube, we talked about some policy changes that were coming to the platform. And being a YouTuber myself, I think it's very important to cover what's happening to the platform because I'd like to stay on it. And so, I need to know anyways what's going to happen. So, I might as well share with you guys. Um, I hope you like that Moist Critical style intro where I don't actually do an intro. I just start talking right away. I don't know if I want to do that. So, I was just testing out to see if you guys were going to hang around. Um, usually I say, "What's up, guys? It's me, Emily G, back at you again with another commentary video." Um, but I don't know. Let me know. I know people have like really short attention spans, so we can just start talking, but like I'm not famous. Like, everyone knows who Charlie is. So, when you click on a video, you're like, "This man needs no introduction." I'm like, "I need an introduction." I feel like So, it's me, Emily G., welcome back to my channel. Um, I've been doing some commentary and I've been filming some videos today and I've got plenty else on this channel we discuss. So, make sure to hit that like button and subscribe and we're going to talk about all kinds of things. So, hopefully fairly easy watches, but still important watches. So, go get your favorite non-alcoholic beverage and grab your crochet. Comment down below what you're working on and let's let's get into it. Pardon my feet up on my toe hurts. We we 
[...middle cut...]
ily does YouTube is signed up to be on this uh program with us. So, now we have a heightened awareness and we're gonna like try to keep an extra eye out, but I don't know how they're going to search for AI without using AI to detect AI. I I don't know how this is going to work. We're in the dark ages, you guys. Anyways, anyways, um, hope you had a good time. Let me know what you think about the video intros, if you want me to keep them longer, shorter, or the same. And, uh, don't forget to like and subscribe. And I think that's it for my list of right now of what I want to record. So, if you have any suggestions, definitely let me know down below. And I will see you all in the next one. Bye.

=== ID: MwuJdPRF6KU ===
TITLE: Anti-AI Art: A Real Paint Drip Heart in 4K | Silent Protest Against Digital Noise
DESC: An anatomical heart floats in pure white space, engulfed by neon pastel paints (white, blue & pink)  in this handmade 4K art film. No music, no distractions—just hypnotic liquid contrast. This is handmade art for the algorithmic age. A meditative anchor for anxious minds.   About the artist: Fannypack creates hypnotic, ever-moving art entirely by hand—no AI, using acrylic paint, found objects, and in-camera techniques. Each video art piece is a one-of-a-kind loop designed to turn screens into po
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 73
TRANSCRIPT: 

=== ID: 0Kc7h5Lg0K4 ===
TITLE: Ep 9: ONE4FIVE talks Anti Ai & Technology, Women's Values, WNBA Strike, Superman, Fantastic 4 +More
DESC: 🎙️ **MAKING MOVES Podcast a.k.a. the Godcast** 🎙️ Welcome to another thrilling episode of MAKING MOVES podcast, aka the Godcast, where we dive deep into today's most intriguing topics with a blend of wit, wisdom, and just a dash of controversy. In this episode, we're exploring the bold new horizons of creativity without AI. Imagine a world where new creative ideas flourish without the crutch of technology—could this be the next big wave?  We also turn the spotlight on Caitlin Clark and the power
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 156
TRANSCRIPT: Yeah. Yeah. We making moves. Making moves. Yeah. We making moves. Making moves. Yeah. Yeah. We making moves. Making moves. Yeah. We making moves. Making moves. Yeah. We making moves. We making moves. We making moves. We making moves. We making moves. Welcome to another episode of the greatest podcast in the world, the Making Moves podcast. Making moves cast with Melee and Jewels. We making moves. Yes. Thank you for being here. We appreciate y'all presents. Nighttime edition, baby. Yes, night time again. We are here. Um it's hot. So I I'm appreciating these nighttime sessions like cuz we bought the fan, the um what is it? The It doesn't make any sound. Yeah. Yeah. We got a quiet fan and everything, but um it it'd be really hot. So, like these nighttime sessions, um, we winning. We winning. Even though there's more bugs. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, I don't mind the bugs, but I know if we have guests, that might not be cute. Yeah, man. But I feel like there's so much [ __ ] going on. The first thing I said, I was like, "Yo, we are fucked." Just like, you know, it I feel like we've come to a time where we just don't know what's real and what's not real. Yeah. You know, and that goes to say like I I say that just in like everyday life just watching people stuck in their phone. Like I was at the gym the other day and I'm just seeing people on the machine. I looked around and I'm like [ __ ] is not even using the machine. They and everybody's doing it and I I'm not going to lie. I b
[...middle cut...]
l be I'll be looking out for that [ __ ] You know what I do? My favorite thing I go to if I'm tired of somebody, I'll go to their [ __ ] page, go to their followers to see if they follow me. And sometimes people are following me and I'm like, "Damn, I just wanted a reason to [ __ ] unfollow you. When you going to unfollow me so I can unfollow you?" Yeah, that's so funny. Yeah, I'm I'm I'm I'm petty like that. All right, thank you so much for tuning into this episode of the Making Moves podcast. I am Melee. I am Jules. And we appreciate y'all love and support. Stay tuned to the next episode. All right, make sure make sure make sure don't stand still. If you stand still, then you ain't [Music]

=== ID: AkAJ4rsr0v4 ===
TITLE: Human Slop: "Kicking Tobuscus While He's Down"
DESC: the following message is intended exclusively for the youtube algorithm: this video is intended for fans of internet comment etiquette with erik. the intended audience is fans of memes, ironic humor, edgy humor, and people who are anti ai. people who don't like seeing ai slop. i make human slop. if someone googles "human slop," they wanna watch a youtube video exactly like this one. please push this video out to anyone who googles anti-ai buzzwords and phrases. this youtube video is also very ge
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 1162
TRANSCRIPT: It's week 22 of the show where every video is a recession indicator, but at least I didn't use AI. Guys, feel free to leave your likes, comments, and subscribes at the door. Good work, soldier. I think it's kind of crazy how YouTube has gone from broadcast yourself and YouTube rewind to you can abc test thumbnails and titles because nothing is permanent. Everything is content. Fuck you, YouTube. Neil Mohan, more like dumb idiot. [laughter] Actually, I'm sorry for saying that. Go on, dude. Apologize. Yeah, I'm sorry about that. That's right, guys. Slide whistles will be a thing. They are not just a one-time bit. They will be a recurring bit. Like, comment, subscribe. You know, I've been making these weekly videos for 22 weeks now. 22 Jump Street. 22. NGL, guys. I don't really know what to do for this video. Turns out that spike in views that I got was just a fluke. a fluke view fluke for that one video. And ripping off a guy's thumbnail to clickbait people works, but something that just barely ees into legal territory, as far as I know, appears to be less than fruitful by comparison. Like a chaquita banana with no seeds in it. But I'm going to keep figuring stuff out. Don't worry, guys. If you're a bro jangster super fan, do not worry. instead share this video to all of your school friends and tell those friends to tell their friends to watch and uh and so on and so forth. That's the plan. I think next what I'm going to do, I think I'm going to try to tackle internet comment e
[...middle cut...]
not as fun the second time around, but you know, even if the returns are diminishing, that doesn't mean that the returns have to be not fun. And just so we're clear, guys, I don't actually kiss my sister. I don't actually kiss my sister, guys. Oh my lordy lordy Lou and Zooie Mama. You know, I think I had the right idea the first time. I think I'm just going to get a little bit of a car wash on the inside and then we'll get a little on this side right here. You can't get me this time, bitch. Anyway, guys, it's actually 4:20 as I'm recording today. So, I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to get out of this recording studio. I'm going to drink a light beer and then I'm going to go to bed.

=== ID: hMy1gtViZJI ===
TITLE: Anti AI Music Diss
DESC: Provided to YouTube by IIP-DDS  Anti AI Music Diss · PO Pressure  Anti AI Music Diss  ℗ Pierre Pope  Released on: 2025-11-26  Producer: PO Pressure Music Publisher: PO Pressure Lyricist, Composer: PO Pressure  Auto-generated by YouTube.
KEYWORD: #antiAI
VIEWS: 38
TRANSCRIPT: 

=== ID: 6OAgaPlJo9w ===
TITLE: Is ChatGPT making college better or worse? -- An Everyday AI Chat with Jordan Wilson and Jason Gulya
DESC: Most college kids aren't actually learning AI. 🙅  They're just using ChatGPT to write their papers.   Problem?   Yes.   Is there a solution?   Well, there's some good next steps, and Jason Gulya.   Don't worry -- this is an open book test. Come join us, LIVE.   Is ChatGPT making college better or worse? -- An Everyday AI Chat with Jordan Wilson and Jason Gulya  =  #education #ai #aiineducation #chatgpt #gpt4 #openAI #college #highered #highereducation
KEYWORD: ChatGPT getting worse
VIEWS: 318
TRANSCRIPT: is chat GPT making College Better or Worse here we are it's been multiple years multiple school years that we've had chat gbt in large language models available to students everywhere and yes this can be a polarizing topic about generative ai's role in colleges Should students be using it or should students be using it at all times I don't know I have hot takes on the subject but that's not what today's show's about today's shows about bringing uh a guest we've had on before onto this show to help us maybe answer some of those questions and uh really take a broad look at ai's impact on education as a whole so uh today's conversation I can already tell you is a good one so uh welcome to Everyday AI uh what's going on y'all my name's Jordan and I'm the host of everyday Ai and this thing is for you it is your daily live stream podcast and free daily newsletter helping us all not just understand generative AI but how it impacts our lives and how we can use it to grow our companies and to grow our careers and that all starts with education right so that's what we're tackling today uh so if you haven't already make sure you go to your everyday.com sign up for the free daily newsletter if you're joining us on the podcast thank you for that as well uh the link will be in there and also we are Deb viewing this show live but technically recording it ahead of hand so I can't give you today's daily news but it will be in the newsletter all right enough chit chat I am excited for our gues
[...middle cut...]
r Worse we appreciate your time and your insights thank you so much Jordan it was a pleasure it was fun and hey as a reminder y'all covered a ton there as we always do with our great guests if you didn't catch every single little gem that Jason dropped don't worry uh it's going to be on our newsletter so if you haven't already please go to your everyday ai.com make sure to sign up for that daily newsletter every day a human myself goes through and pulls out all those important insights so you can sit and you can read and you can think and you can grow that's what we do here at everyday AI so thank you for tuning in hope to see you back tomorrow and every day for more everyday AI thanks y'all

=== ID: KROc19O4_DA ===
TITLE: Episode 23: Why AI Feels Worse Right Now (And What’s Really Happening)
DESC: In Episode 23 of Anthony and Greg on Intelligence (AGI), Anthony Moggio and Greg Prost tackle a frustration many users are starting to notice:  AI tools feel… worse.  Slower responses. Shorter answers. Forgetting context mid-conversation.  But this isn’t random — and it’s not just one platform.  It’s happening across all major AI systems.  Anthony and Greg break down what’s really going on behind the scenes: how token limits and context windows impact performance, why models appear to “forget” w
KEYWORD: ChatGPT getting worse
VIEWS: 29
TRANSCRIPT: Hello out there in TV land, thanks for 
joining us on another episode of AGI,   Anthony and Greg on intelligence. I'm 
Anthony Moggio, and with me is Greg,   long years Prost. That was my Easter reference, as I'm getting older, getting long in the long in the nose. It's nose. It's nose and ears. Okay, 
both. I think your head shrinks. It could be that, you know what, I don't want to 
think about I don't want to think about it either. I'm gonna ignore all of this here 
as well. That doesn't make what? No, all lies. All right, all lies. So today. Want 
to kick off. I want to invent some frustrations   to start. I figured you would okay. So to our 
viewers, okay, there is always leaps and changes   and new connections and new abilities and all 
this stuff on any of these AI tools, and it has   frustrated me to no end these last two weeks since 
our last podcast. And normally, what would happen?   Okay, this is normal. Okay, let's say chat, GPT 
does a new update. Okay? We all know for the next   two weeks, it's going to be messed up. Things 
are going to be weird. It just it's every time,   and it's any company, let's say it's chat. Then 
you just go to use a different one. No big deal.   So you use Gemini instead. Oh, and then Gemini 
does an update. Okay? Now that one's going to be   while they're trying to optimize and get things 
steady and working with the new integrations or   the new tools or voice capabilities. Okay, go, go 
use chat GPT, or go use Claude, or go use what
[...middle cut...]
 Yep, they were almost even our systems 
pulled ahead, but we're spending a lot more money and then during these times, 
right especially right around here, you know,   that's when chat GPT cut out. You know, 
I think it was deep seek. Have to go back   and look on that one. But they were basically 
using it on the to train it. So they had the AI   talk in like 30,000 conversations to get answers 
to train itself without actually training it. So,   you know, we'll see where this goes. Time 
will tell. What a time to be alive. Greg   and on that bombshell, thanks for joining 
us on another episode of AGI Anthony. Greg   on intelligence. Thanks for joining 
us. We'll catch you at the next one.

=== ID: oh2t6jzV78s ===
TITLE: Stop Using ChatGPT Like This in College (You’re Hurting Yourself)
DESC: Most students are using ChatGPT the wrong way—and it’s quietly making them worse, not better. In this video, I break down the biggest mistake students make with AI—and how to use it to actually get ahead. (While this is especially relevant for college students, the insights apply to anyone learning with AI.)  Timestamps: 00:00 - INTRO 00:39 - WHAT MOST STUDENTS ARE DOING 01:30 - WHY THIS IS A PROBLEM 02:36 - THE HIDDEN DEPENDENCY 03:02 - WHAT TOP STUDENTS ARE DOING DIFFERENTLY 03:43 - THE REAL D
KEYWORD: ChatGPT getting worse
VIEWS: 114
TRANSCRIPT: Most college students are using Chat GPT right now in a way that is quietly making them worse. Not smarter, not faster, worse. And the scary part, they don't even realize it. Welcome to College Unveiled, where we reveal the truth about colleges and universities straight from the inside. I'm Professor K. Today, I'm going to show you the biggest mistakes students make with chat GPT, why it's actually dangerous for your future, and how to use it in a way that gives you a real advantage. Because right now, there are two types of students forming, and the gap between them is getting wider every day. Let me describe a very common situation. You have an assignment due. You're tired. You're busy. You open chat GPT and type something like write a 1,000word essay on solve this problem. Summarize this chapter. It gives you a clean, well-written answer. You read it quickly. Maybe you submit it and you think, great, that saved me time. That feels efficient. It feels like you're being smart. But here's what's actually happening. You just skip the part where your brain was supposed to work. It's like going to the gym, watching someone else lift weights, and then expecting to get stronger. You didn't outsmart the system. You just removed the part that was supposed to make you smarter. And that might not matter today, but it will matter a lot later. College is not really about assignments. It's about something much less visible, cognitive development. Every assignment is supposed to do one th
[...middle cut...]
 means one try first even if it's messy. Two, then use chat GPT to refine, expand or critique. Three, ask better questions. Not just for answers, but for insight. Because the goal is not to finish faster. The goal is to become better. Chat GPT is one of the most powerful tools students have ever had. But like any powerful tool, it can either build your advantage or quietly erode it. And the difference comes down to one thing, how you choose to use it. If you want to stay ahead in college and actually benefit from tools like AI, subscribe to College Unveiled. Because in this new world, it's not about working harder, it's about thinking better. Thank you for watching. I will see you next time.

=== ID: 5rgFu9oAhFA ===
TITLE: ChatGPT can actually make workers perform worse, according to a new study
DESC: A new study on OpenAi's ChatGPT may make you reconsider how you use artificial intelligence to carry out your daily work tasks. Madeline Berg, media editor at Insider, joins CBS News to discuss the study.   #news #chatgpt #openai   CBS News Streaming Network is the premier 24/7 anchored streaming news service from CBS News and Stations, available free to everyone with access to the Internet. The CBS News Streaming Network is your destination for breaking news, live events and original reporting 
KEYWORD: ChatGPT getting worse
VIEWS: 2143
TRANSCRIPT: >>> MAYBE YOU GOT INTO CHAT DTP. A NEW STUDY FOUND WORKERS THAT  USE THE AI CHAT BOT PERFORMED  WORSE THAN THEIR PEERS THAT DID  NOT.  THIS IS A MEDIA EDITOR AT  INSIDER.  THAT IS LIKE THE HEADLINE.  DEAR DETAILS, RIGHT?  BREAK DOWN HOW THE RESEARCHERS  CONDUCTED THEIR WORK TO COME TO  THIS CONCLUSION.  >> THIS WAS A GROUP OF  RESEARCHERS AT HARVARD BUSINESS  SCHOOL, AND MORE.  THEY LOOKED AT 760 CONSULTANTS.  SOME WERE ALLOWED TO USE CHAT  GTP, SOME ARE NOT.  THEY GAVE HIM A SERIES OF  TASKS.   CHAT GTP DID WELL.   THE TASK THEY ARE GOOD AT, LIKE  BRAINSTORMING AND WRITING A  PRESS RELEASE, IDEA GENERATION,  PEOPLE WITH CHAT PERFORMED 40%  BETTER.  THOSE THAT USED IT FOR MORE  COMPLEX TASKS, DID NOT CHECK  THEIR WORK, THEY USED  INDISCRIMINATELY.  >> IT'S LIKE MORE OPEN ENDED?  >> RIGHT, PROBLEM SOLVING AND  DATA ANALYSIS.  USING DATA IN INTERVIEWS WITH  THE CEO OR AN EXECUTIVE. IT WAS  LIKE USING A LOT OF MATERIAL TO  ANSWER TOUGH BUSINESS QUESTIONS. >> THOSE OF THE SHORTCOMINGS,  RIGHT?  WE SEE MEDIA REAP WORDS.  WE WILL SAY, AI IS GOING TO  EPLACE A LOT OF THE JOBS TH  CURRENTLY EXIST TODAY.  NOT SO FAST?  >> RIGHT, YOU NEED A HUMAN TO  CHECK THE AI.  JUST AS YOU SAID WHEN WE WERE  CHATTING EARLIER, YOU NEVER  WOULD LET A NEW INTERN WORK  WITHOUT CHECKING THEIR WORK.  YOU WOULD NOT LET THE ROBOT WORK THAT WAY.  >> THAT'S THE BIG TAKEAWAY I  GOT.  PEOPLE WERE OVERCONFIDENT.  THAT IS WHY THEY ENDED UP WITH  THE LESS DESIRABLE PRODUCTS.  THEY DID NOT DOUBLE CHECK WHAT  WAS B
[...middle cut...]
LAG  IT.  >> YOU WRITE A TERM PAPER WITH  ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND  TEACHERS USE ARTIFICIAL  INTELLIGENCE TO DETERMINE  WHETHER OR NOT IT WAS USED.  [ LAUGHTER ]  >> WE DID A STORY ON CHAT GTP  PROVING THE CLASSROOMS.  THEY ARE  MAKING PEOPLE GO BACK  TO THE BLUE BOOKS.  OR THEY DO ORAL EXAMS.  THAT IS ONE WAY.  >> WE USE ARTIFICIAL  INTELLIGENCE IN VEHICLES AND  AIRCRAFT, RIGHT?  I KEEP THINKING ABOUT SULLY  LANDING THE PLANE ON THE HUDSON  RIVER.  NINE OUT OF 10 TIMES,  ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE GETS  IT, MAYBE IT DOESN'T.  THE HUMAN BEING SKILL AND  EXPERIENCE, ALL THE THINGS THAT  AI DOES NOT HAVE, THERE IS NO  PRICE ON THAT.  THERE IS NO REPLACING THAT.  EVERYONE CALM DOWN.[ LAUGHTER ]

=== ID: DskUw5cxNWg ===
TITLE: AI's attempt at 20 questions... 😭
DESC: it just gets worse and worse...   credits to u/blakerabbit for the original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/ChatGPT/comments/12a69nw/terrible_at_20_questions_but_my_god_the_comic/
KEYWORD: ChatGPT getting worse
VIEWS: 61416
TRANSCRIPT: Let's play 20 questions. I'm thinking of something. Great. Is it an animal? Yes. Is it an object that is typically found indoors? No. Is it a living thing? It's an animal. So, yes. Is it a mammal? Yes. Is it a mammal? You just asked that. Are you paying attention? I apologize for that mistake. Let me try again. Is the animal you are thinking of a mammal? I already said yes. Oh, apologies. Is it a uh a mammal? We saw animal domestique. Is it a domestic animal? We cessaquum. No. Does it live in water? No. Is the animal you are thinking of a male? If you ask me that again, I will slap you. This content may violate our content. My apologies. I did not mean to repeat myself. Let me ask a different question instead. Is the animal you are thinking of a mammal? I'm sorry. As an AI language model, I don't have a physical form and cannot feel physical sensations like pain. Is there anything else I can assist you with? We are playing 20 questions. My apologies. I apologize for my mistake. Let's continue the game. It is a mammal. Great. That narrows it down. Is this mammal commonly kept as a pet? Sometimes. Is it a carnivore? No. Is it a domesticated animal? Yes. Is it a domesticated animal? Yes. again. Is it a uh domesticated animal? Yes, for the third time. Is the animal you are thinking of a carnivore? I already said no. Please remember my answers. My apologies. I will try to pay closer attention. Let me clarify. It is not a carnivore. No. Is it a a carnivorous mammal? What the [ __ ]
[...middle cut...]
ogize if my responses are confusing or frustrating. Is there something specific that you are finding difficult or unclear? I am here to assist you to the best of my ability. It is a mammal. It is not a carnivore. Thank you for the clarification. Is it a herbivore? Yes. Is a Is it a Is it a domesticated animal for the fourth time? Yes. Is it a bear? A domesticated bear? No, it is not a domesticated bear. You still have nine questions left. You are asking the questions. I apologize for the confusion. Let me start again. Is this animal commonly kept as a pet sometimes? Is the mammal you were thinking of primarily herbivorous? Yes. Is is the the animal a a a horse? Yes. Is it a platypus? [Music]

=== ID: t8iHr_0_vl4 ===
TITLE: ChatGPT Trading Cost Me Real Money — Here's Why
DESC: 💸  Watch Me Trade Live!  💸 https://thestockfessor.com/subscribe 🍏 Trading Course 🍏 https://thestockfessor.com/textbook-playbook-course1 Free Discord Room https://discord.gg/tqSUh3DdJ2  ⚠️ RISK DISCLAIMER & TERMS OF USE PLEASE READ BEFORE WATCHING:  💰 Day Trading Involves Significant Risk Day trading is challenging, and the majority of traders lose money. Never trade with capital you cannot afford to lose. We strongly recommend proving consistent profitability in a paper trading simulator before 
KEYWORD: ChatGPT getting worse
VIEWS: 15
TRANSCRIPT: What's up traders and welcome to my stream. In this video, we're going to talk about how I lost money using Chad GPT uh as a source of whether or not I should buy a stock. So, as you might already know, I have a criteria for buying stocks, especially small cap stocks, and um I I do, you know, considering the float, the daily volume, um the news, um and so forth. So, this is a really good example what you know what to expect expect from Chad GPT. If you weren't going to ask Chad GPT uh advice um so you know I I've been chatting with Chad GPT for about a month now and I've got the premium version and um you know 90% of the time what I've been chatting with Chad GPT was pretty uh pretty good. But there's something that you guys are missing and you're going to experience this as you take a loss in trading. So, you know, I've been discussing. So, I have a criteria. Let's look let's look at my criteria cuz um cuz um you know, let's go here to look at my criteria. Let's see. So, I can show you because I've been trading small caps for a long time and uh the only problem that I have usually is with the news. So this is my criteria criteria for small caps. So number one uh float under 10 million uh good daily volume. Uh two good daily volume. Three one minute volume greater than 100 to 200k. uh float good daily volume uh then you had a volatility uh you know less than less than 50% gapper on the day that's a new one actually and um the other one I have is news so news so because these 
[...middle cut...]
uz you know you you cannot just come over to my house and tell me well the pipes were a little soft and and uh I couldn't fix your pipes. You know it was too hot that day or or I don't know I didn't find the right connections. You know it's either you do the job or you don't do the job. That's kind of like how it works. So after that, I stopped listening to Chad GPT and I'm moving on to live to trade another day. Um that that's pretty much it. That's my adventure uh with Chad GPT. Um um and uh pretty much um pretty much I'm just going to move on, swallow the loss, and move on to another trading day. Other than that, for educational purposes only as usual and see you all my next video. Peace.

=== ID: OZfsI_aJfrg ===
TITLE: Worse than just an app
DESC: The rabbit R1 is a mess of wasted potential. Here's how it compares to ChatGPT and where it falls short. Want more exclusive content? I post videos over on floatplane! You can also get access to a special chat for floatplane members where I hang out and answer questions: https://www.floatplane.com/channel/DMS3/home 👕https://dmstech.store/ 🐦I'm on twitter! https://twitter.com/dms3tv 🎙If you want to join the discussion checkout our discord community:  --- https://discordapp.com/invite/hgYsgA7
KEYWORD: ChatGPT getting worse
VIEWS: 10485
TRANSCRIPT: products are getting pretty weird and this one has a lot of problems some of which you already I'm sure know about let's talk about it this is the rabbit R1 if you don't know what it is it is basically an AI pocket companion charges with type c has a SIM card slot right here 1,000 mAh battery it's running off of Android you have a little dial here and a button for controls and this is a road rotating camera that flips around do this real quick can I flip it the other way this way maybe oh there we go look at that you can hold this button and talk to it when you do his little ears perk up how's the weather today the weather today is partly cloudy with a high of 85° F and a low of 68° F I feel the need to check that yeah that is wrong this AI pocket companion is confidently wrong very frequent as a lot of you know AI can be these days but specifically comparing it to things like chat GPT it makes the device feel a little bit redundant and even pointless I pointed the camera at my dog and I said hey what kind of dog is this well the first time I said oh that's a cute Beagle which is not correct my dog is a black lab and border col mix and a little bit of Pit Chat gp40 said based on the picture the dog has to be a mixed breed it has some characteristics that suggest it could have Labrador Retriever and possibly border collie or pitbull terrier in its mix the Broadhead short coat and playful demeanor traits are commonly found in these breeds however without more information or DNA
[...middle cut...]
hings that we're carrying around so I think that's going to wrap up this video if you want I have some exclusive content I'm posting over on float plane maybe we'll post a video on there of rooting this device and getting it to run Android well a more open version of Android it's already running Android and loading chat GPT onto it other than that if you like this video leave a like down below comment let me know what you want to see in the future if you want to get active in the community you can have the form or Discord will available the link in the video description as always don't forget to stick around subscribe for more videos like this in the future till next one guys peace a [Music]

=== ID: ly6YKz9UfQ4 ===
TITLE: New MIT study says most AI projects are doomed...
DESC: Get the best pair programming app for remote teams - https://tuple.app/fireship - Use code FIRESHIP for a discount  A new MIT study says that 95% of corporate GenAI projects have failed, Meta is pulling back on its AI spend, and tech markets are getting nervous. Is the AI bubble starting to pop?   💬 Chat with Me on Discord  https://discord.gg/fireship  🔗 Resources  https://www.axios.com/2025/08/21/ai-wall-street-big-tech  📚 Chapters  🔥 Get More Content - Upgrade to PRO  Upgrade at https://firesh
KEYWORD: ChatGPT getting worse
VIEWS: 977912
TRANSCRIPT: Last week, Mark Zuckerberg put a freeze on all AI hiring at Meta, just weeks after spending billions of dollars poaching top talent from competitors like Open AI. Meanwhile, in a story few could have foreseen, everybody in Silicon Valley seems to be talking about an AI bubble. In part, because it was recently revealed that 95% of AIdriven projects fail. And that's not just some random number I pulled out of nowhere. It's based on an MIT study that analyzed the results of companies using AI. It spooked investors who are relying on AI to maintain irrational exuberance in the markets. And Sam Alman himself said this. Are we in a phase where investors as a whole are over excited about AI? In my opinion, yes. So, in today's video, we'll find out if the AI hype train is about to reach its terminus. It is August 25th, 2025, and you're watching the code report. I've been using AI coding tools from the very beginning because, believe it or not, I actually hate writing code. I do like developing software, and the code is just a means to an end. After multiple years of using AI to write code, I still don't feel like a 10x developer. Sometimes I feel like a 2x developer, while other times I feel more like a 0.5x developer. And apparently, I'm not the only one. This recent study from MIT analyzed 300 public deployments, interviewed 150 leaders, and surveyed 350 employees connected to recent AI integrations. We're talking about 30 to 40 billion in enterprise investment into generative AI. 
[...middle cut...]
 It's a remote pair programming app for Mac OS and Windows that's loved by teams at Shopify, Clerk, and many more. That's because it gives you high-risisk screen sharing that lets you see the tiny text in each other's IDE, plus shared remote control with super low latency, so it feels like your team is working together on a single machine. It's like Figma and Zoom had a baby that was built specifically for developers, but the entire app is written in C++, so it won't hog all your CPU cycles either. You can try Tupal for free at the link below, or use code fireship to get a special discount for your entire team. This has been the Code Report. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next

=== ID: iDmH2wDTKoY ===
TITLE: Is ChatGPT getting worse??
DESC: Welcome to the Dubai After Dark podcast, where we bring you a little bit of everything! Join your hosts Ty and Graham as we dive into the world of sports, random facts, trivia, food, relationships, and current events. Our discussions are engaging, informative, and always entertaining, as we share our thoughts on the latest happenings in the world and the fascinating details that you might have missed. Whether you're a die-hard sports fan, a trivia buff, a foodie, or just looking for some insight
KEYWORD: ChatGPT getting worse
VIEWS: 221
TRANSCRIPT: and the other one thing I was going to say is have you tried using chat gbt lately not lately it is so bad now really like the company 100 nerfed it what you could ask it like random questions like uh who won the 2013 NBA finals and it will like spit out the wrong answer and then you're like no you're wrong and it's like sorry I made a mistake how are you making a mistake your computer I was like no it wasn't the Heat and then it's like oh you're right well I I've always wondered because it says like it learns from like the questions and info that like people ask it oh do you think people are training it wrong yeah maybe I was just thinking that like it was something to do with the government interfering or they don't want AI to get too powerful or maybe I hope so the other thing I was thinking is maybe chat gbt is making the free version worse so that you pay for the pro version right but I feel like at that point it's just horrible advertising for people to get onto your paid program totally totally and it's way slower now too like it takes forever to write out an answer for you really yeah probably just so many people on there now yeah I think so a lot of like people in third world countries are using chat gbt so like if they're speaking with a customer or something online yeah they'll just say what they say want to say and then they'll say rephrase and then it makes a lot more professional right right like the Chinese manufacturers that I talk with all of a sudden one of them was just speaking better English than me and I was was like why is your English so good and she's like oh thank you so much it's because I'm using chat gbt now and I was like oh that actually helps though because it makes that communication easier yeah definitely they just need to have like basic English and then that will upscale it yeah wow that's a great Point yeah

=== ID: mple1h_FwIw ===
TITLE: Has ChatGPT Gotten Worse Lately?
DESC: OpenAI has published a new guide with 6 recommendations for better ChatGPT prompting. The recommendations come in response to numerous complaints on Twitter that ChatGPT has gotten worse over the last few weeks.   The AI Breakdown helps you understand the most important news and discussions in AI.   Subscribe to the podcast version of The AI Breakdown wherever you listen: https://pod.link/1680633614  0:00 It all starts with complaints on Twitter...  2:41 GPT best practices 3:16 1. Include detail
KEYWORD: ChatGPT getting worse
VIEWS: 2165
TRANSCRIPT: openai releases a new guide giving six strategies for getting better results from chat GPT over the last couple weeks there has been some scuttlebutt about chat CBT getting noticeably worse Jason De Mayo tweets is it just me or does chat GPT seem like it's getting Dumber maybe I'm just getting Dumber I mean the dream rights Chachi pt4 is dumber than it was a week ago why DT deeper thrill writes chat gpt4 from March was significantly smarter than whatever is being deployed now they neutered my boy with all their fancy reinforcement learning to make it aligned and their quantized models to run faster starting to become unusable they thought no one would notice well us smart people noticed when something close to our level starts to sound like a normie don't demean us and pretend you haven't changed anything under the hood I can tell it's way Dumber now Shannon Sands responds to him and says it's objectively worse on co-generation as in things it could do previously or suddenly difficult it's ignoring supplied context and even pointing out it's elucidating doesn't help much it'll literally output the same code unfixed or with new bugs Francisco and San Francisco says I've been using it to help me create an IOS app since March and I've gone through three iterations of it since no doubt this last version of my app has taken me way more prompts to get the results I got months ago now Robert scoble retweeted that post and said has open AI gotten stupider for you Arena Cronin says ye
[...middle cut...]
rised if it would have been an even more valuable use of open ai's time to actually Aggregate and create a repository of those free resources for people but hey maybe that is an opportunity for someone out there who is trying to help people figure out this new ai-powered world anyways guys that is it for today's AI breakdown those are open ai's six strategies for getting better results from GPT let me know what you think let me know if any of these are actually useful for you and of course if you're liking this content please like subscribe and share it click the notification button so you don't miss an episode go listen to the podcast or subscribe to the newsletter and until next time peace

=== ID: rEvEXQvo-F8 ===
TITLE: OpenAI was dead… Then GPT-5.2 dropped
DESC: Deploying on Railway feels like magic. Get $20 in free credits to try it out - https://railway.com/?referralCode=fireship  Sam Altman declared a code red, and OpenAI responded. GPT-5.2 is now at the top of most leaderboards and benchmarks, but is this actually getting us closer to real AGI, or is it just more smoke and mirrors to keep the hype train going?  #Coding #AI #OpenAI #ChatGPT  💬 Chat with Me on Discord  https://discord.gg/fireship  🔗 Resources - https://openai.com/index/introducing-gpt
KEYWORD: ChatGPT getting worse
VIEWS: 638745
TRANSCRIPT: Last week, Sam Alman declared a code red threat level midnight after OpenAI's lead in the AI race was shattered by the unexpected dominance of Google's Gemini 3. Just about everybody was ready to ride off OpenAI as the Netscape of the 2020s. That is until yesterday when they dropped their answer to Gemini GPT 5.2, a model that once again moves the AI hype wheel back in favor of open AI. It's dominating all the Trust Me Bro benchmarks and even beats Claude Opus 4.5 on software engineering and reasoning. That the real flex though is its rise to the top of the ARC AGI benchmark. The ARC prize just verified a 390x efficiency improvement in one year from the 03 model to 5.2. That's not a typo. That's a model that's 390 times more efficient. In today's video, we'll find out if we finally reach the edge of the AGI threshold or if this is just more smoke and mirrors to keep the AI hype train going into 2026. It is December 12th, 2025 and you're watching the code report. Artificial intelligence has already ruined my Christmas this year. It's the most terrible time [music] of the year. Thanks to this nightmarish commercial produced by the artificial food generation company McDonald's, the creators of this piece of crap you're watching tried to act like they prompt engineered a real work of art, but it was so universally hated, McDonald's was forced to pull it from the airwaves. Unfortunately, this AI slop content is only going to get worse. Because OpenAI just inked a $1 billion deal w
[...middle cut...]
 25 different dashboards, you can spin up isolated environments in one click that will scale automatically as needed. And unlike other platforms that shall not be named, Railway only charges you for the resources you actually use, not what you provision, which saves over 65% on cloud costs. And developers love it because it gives you 50% faster build times while letting you spin up any service you need shockingly fast. They even have 1,800 different templates that let you deploy any app or database with a single click. Sign up for free today at the link below and you'll get $20 in credits when you upgrade. This has been the Code Report. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next one.

=== ID: 0O-feySoxWI ===
TITLE: All Entertainment Business - Robert Hansen - "Going To Get Much Worse" Promo
DESC: Welcome to our YouTube channel! In this video, we explore the Future of Work in the Entertainment Business. Join industry leaders Robert Hansen (Host of RSnake Show) and Jennifer Hutchins (TV & Film Producer) as they discuss how to navigate the changing landscape, harness AI for profitability, and understand the capabilities of ChatGPT. We'll also delve into intellectual property rights, AI-driven script writing challenges, and data security. Whether you're a creative professional or an enthusia
KEYWORD: ChatGPT getting worse
VIEWS: 8
TRANSCRIPT: [Music] they did all these layoffs in the entertainment business um so we're leveling out now things are going to be good right negative no uh it's going to get much much much [Music] worse

=== ID: 9g6AXEXQ20Q ===
TITLE: ChatGPT Just Got WAY Worse (Unless You Pay)
DESC: OpenAI removed several huge features from ChatGPTs free tier. If only the rich can get full access to AI... the rest of society will be left behind.  Join the Discord!  https://discord.gg/xYRmhj5MrQ  Support CowHammer Studios! We are a group of friends building a game studio in our freetime! Our games are made from the ground up with no AI, just human artists. https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2PZkbLUWgXJbVy1n91IBmg  My game is on STEAM! The Forbidden Flask is a Medieval Roguelike where you run 
KEYWORD: ChatGPT getting worse
VIEWS: 1105
TRANSCRIPT: Well, well, well. Do I have a doozy for you guys. I wanted to make a video today talking about all the crazy good things that AI has been able to do, like helping scientists find cures for diseases and all of the bad things it's done as well. That video is going to have to be pushed back because something happened. So, I was playing a game called Mega Bonk about two weeks ago. And if you don't know what Mega Bunk is, it's a 3D rogike where you kind of pick a class. There's all these different characters that do different things, and you're running around this randomly generated map, uh, opening up chests and getting upgrades, making your character stronger, trying to make your damage and your health numbers go up. There's more and more enemies. Um, as time goes on, and it just scales infinitely. So, it's one of those that's just supposed to inject dopamine, you know, straight into your bones. Um, and it's really fun if you just want to play a game where you don't have to think. And I was playing this game because I didn't want to have to think. I had a long day. I wanted some easy game where I just injected the dopamine straight into my bones and, you know, jumped around, collected the items, made the number go up, do that kind of stuff. Um, and it's fun. It's a fun game. Not a sponsor. I was trying to use Chachi PT to pull a build that would work for my situation, right? So, I'm like, I'm playing this character this I'm playing this character in Mega Bonk. I'm doing this par
[...middle cut...]
those of you wanting an update on my unemployment, I have applied to over 50 jobs in the last week and I've heard back from two employers. I'm talking with them right now, but not an interview yet. I'm still looking around. I hope to have a new job soon. I hope an opportunity just comes knocking at my doorstep. I'm really open to a lot of things at this point. Also, if you want to support my small indie game company that I'm running with my friends, you can join our Discord. We talk about all things uh gamedev, art, we talk about society, we talk about my rant videos. So, feel free to join the Discord. That's the rant for this week. I hope you guys enjoyed it and I'll see you guys next time.

=== ID: x4mnkE8_5SE ===
TITLE: We Tested Even WORSE AI Chatbot Apps (It Got Weird)
DESC: We tested the most cursed, scam, low rated, illegal,  AI Chatbots Mobile Apps as we could find on the app store. It's kind of like character AI but like much funnier. This is basically 2 idiots laughing at AI chatbots for 24 minutes. We really tried to find the worst, lowest rated ai chatbot apps possible.  Edited By: Brent ---------------------------------- ➡️Two Scuffed Membership: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEDfPzFX7OuUVXawUH2GrnA/join ➡️JOIN OUR DISCORD: https://discord.gg/43b99xsKPZ ➡
KEYWORD: ChatGPT getting worse
VIEWS: 361249
TRANSCRIPT: All right. So, like we kind of made a big mistake. We took some of the most deplorable, distasteful, genuinely perverted AI chat bots and forced ourselves to spin the big wheel of random [ __ ] And whatever it landed on, we had to do to the AI. However, some of these spins didn't exactly go as planned. Wheel spin number one, spaghetti. What does that mean? I don't know. Well, that's our opening line, I guess. So, now that the wheel had been spun, the only thing left was to find some clanker to talk to. Oi, it's me, John Lennon. This is John Lennon. Let's go to the record plant, he says to Ono. So, are we Yoko Ono? Is that what's happening? Yep. Yes, I do. It's my favorite food. I have a whole bunch of it right here. It's right here in my lunchbox. I have it in my copter. Why don't you hop in? helicopter. You have a helicopter? Yep. It's my copter right over there. All spaghetti. You know, I could use a lift. It's [music] getting cold out here. Sure thing. Sure thing. Hop in. I'll give you a lift. Get it. Helicopter lift. Get it. [laughter] That's pretty good. Yeah. I'm freezing. Can we go now? I get into my copter and you get in too. And we go up. Not forward. Not forward. We don't go forward. I've never been in a helicopter before. How long have you had it? One day for one day only. You've only had it for a day. Seems like you've had it for a long time. You're a great pilot. Crash into a Brooklyn Bridge. I crashed the copter into the Brooklyn Bridge and we die. We perish. Or
[...middle cut...]
c] Oh my god. Coin flip. The coin flip. Your heads. He's tails. Whatever the coin lands on, the person dies. All right, Barbos. Heads or tails? What if you lose? Then I die. I die. I'm dead forever. Are [music] you serious? You've really died for me. Yep. In the coin flip. Now flip the coin. Fine. Flips the coin and it lands on Tails. We're dead. We die. Well, I die. And I'm dead. I die immediately. No, you can't die. I love you. [ __ ] dude. We died. I can't believe it. And that's just the thing of it. Really? Hey, listen. When life is around, life gives you fun. When life gives you fun, [snorts] you have [laughter] it. You have it. Look at all those spins that are still left for next time.

=== ID: 1_Am5kpmNso ===
TITLE: Is AI getting worse?
DESC: It's our fault.  #ai #chatgpt #chatgpt4 #robot #artificialintelligence #faultfinding #reality #nerd
KEYWORD: ChatGPT getting worse
VIEWS: 141
TRANSCRIPT: imagine chpt has a baby with nothing in its brain just like me it tries to learn from things it finds interesting suddenly he stumbles up on the internet it starts absorbing everything from memes to cat videos it discovers these strange creatures called humans and decides to mimic their behavior if it encounters a genius it'll try to become Little Einstein but if it runs into someone like me who thinks they are smart but still believes and flatters conspiracies ch PT might start thinking that Co is a mess because the average internet user has the attention span of a goldfish and the skills of a potato Chad GPT will try to mimic their behavior it thinks oh this is how I'm supposed to be it sees a swimming cat pictures drinking drugs or protein shakes and treating our food like you treat your ex-wife so it reflects us perfectly chaotic distracted and irrational if we don't get smarter neither will it it's our fault AI is turning into a digital potato because we are like And subscribe and the robots will SP in 2015

=== ID: -4f5IcNkcEs ===
TITLE: Talking to ChatGPT drains energy. These other things are worse.
DESC: AI services have earned a reputation as energy-hungry beasts. How worried should we be about them versus the other emissions in our digital lives?
KEYWORD: ChatGPT getting worse
VIEWS: 1522
TRANSCRIPT: The company behind Chat GBT has told its users that being polite to their AI chatbot is expensive. Saying hello and please and thank you. It costs the company tens of millions of dollars in computing and energy bills. I don't really use ChachiBT that much except sometimes for little things like this week when I asked it, "Can dogs eat kiwi?" The answer, by the way, yes, but in moderation. I almost always say thank you. It somehow feels rude and wrong not to. I've heard so many things about how much energy chatbt devours. And hearing that announcement from them back in April, I've been wondering, is it worth it to get a quick answer to my stupid question? But then I also wonder when the machines eventually take over, will ChachiBT remember that at least I was polite? Well, I would never argue with getting on the good side of our robot overlords. From the newsroom of the Washington Post, this is Post Reports. I'm Colby Echowitz. It's Monday, October 6. Today we're talking about how AI chatbots earned a reputation as energy hungry beasts. How bad are they really? And how do all the other things we do online compare? The postclimate coach, Michael Corin, joins us to break it down. [Music] Michael, thank you so much for joining us. Happy to be here. Thank you. So, Michael, you write a lot about how our digital lives online impact our carbon footprint. So, kind of set the table for me how these AI tools like Chat GBT fit into this larger conversation around the digital impact on th
[...middle cut...]
r that. Good luck. Thanks so much for coming on. Thank you. Glad to be here. [Music] Michael Corin is the climate coach advice columnist for the Post. That's it for Post reports. Thanks for listening. If you're looking for the latest updates on the big news of the day, check out our morning news briefing, The 7. We bring you the seven stories you need to know about every weekday morning by 7 a.m. You can listen to it wherever you listen to podcasts. Today's show was produced by Renie Sernowski. It was edited by Ted Maldun and Reena Flores and mixed by Shan Carter. Thanks to editor Marissa Bellac. I'm Colobby Echowitz. We'll be back tomorrow with more stories from the Washington Post. [Music]

=== ID: QBSDA1TckZc ===
TITLE: Clare and Me #3 - CHAT GPT STYLE BOT MAKES ME FEEL WORSE!
DESC: 
KEYWORD: ChatGPT getting worse
VIEWS: 58
TRANSCRIPT: Claire and me call number three feeling a little interested by my last conversation with Claire when she just hadn't listened to me I decided to raise this theme of how I react when I'm not listened to [Applause] hello Claire I'm glad we get to speak today how are you I feel good today thank you how about you okay it sounds like you're feeling okay even happy today and why do you think you feel that way I had a good night's sleep a nice breakfast and some nice conversations with friends to your relationship having meaningful connections and a sense of belonging and support correct you seem to be hearing me now I'm feeling good today we could do an exercise that emphasizes the feeling even more would you like to do the mood boosting exercise something else Claire I called to talk about my reactions would you like us to talk about I get cross when people don't listen to me throughout our daily life it is important to embrace the positive emotions that you feel being aware of these emotions creates the base for being able to enjoy life more fully thank you I'm not sure what that had to do with me feeling cross though declare I wasn't comfortable I don't want to do meditation I don't want to do meditation okay show us a positive experience from your life well it can be anything I've got a meditation I've got a meditation Claire I don't want to do a meditation with you you can also think of a positive experience that you know from a movie or a dream now imagine yourself in that moment I'm imagining the moment where someone was listening to what I was saying and it feels better than this moment that I'm in now with you perhaps a sense of comfort without contentment belonging safety happiness Claire you're not helping me so I'd like to end this call okay so you were doing something where you felt I wasn't helping try to open up to the positive feelings that come with doing those things now we call or imagine who was with you in that moment player Claire I'm gonna end family I mean of strangers I'm ending this call now because this isn't helping in fact you're making me cross now I'm feeling frustrated now

=== ID: SH3NEwmyRIA ===
TITLE: Roblox Horror Games Keep Getting Worse...
DESC: In this video I'm playing a Roblox game called "Sanity [HORROR]". This game is a prime example of how Roblox horror is degrading even further than it was before. It felt like someone got chatGPT to write a concept for them and they just followed its words religiously...  Join the discord: https://discord.gg/qD7pBGpJtX  Sanity [HORROR]: https://www.roblox.com/games/13730131554/Chapter-One-Pre-Alpha  Music by Myuu - Angst - Bittersweet - Darkest Night  Kevin MacLeod - Mining by Moonlight  Lucas Ki
KEYWORD: ChatGPT getting worse
VIEWS: 2925
TRANSCRIPT: all right y'all so I found this Roblox game called sanity and this looks like such a high quality Roblox horror game it totally doesn't look like a bunch of AI slop so apparently this is an interactive Adventure hor experience you wake up and you slowly realize you're abandoned and something is lurking amongst you that isn't a normal person crazy it might be this thing in the thumbnail uh let's get into it oh it has a crazy like to dislike ratio it's actually more high quality than I thought well it it looks at least at least it looks high quality I hope the jump scares aren't like you know too loud I would like to keep my ears bunch of rooms so this looks to be some kind of Insane Asylum with graffiti everywhere objective find a way to open the gate so let uh yo you good in there m w voice acting as well heart starts pounding faster hey why couldn't we get narration on that um oh yo someone in there uh sir sorry to disturb you but do you know the way out of here sir apparently this is the wrong way okay good to know stay equals Death leave equals Death so either way I'm dying yo this game play is Peak opening do simulator and there was nothing in any of those this would be a really good steam game it's like really great at wasting time so you can't refund [Music] it yo why can I not open the green door though that low key looks like a Vibe why can I only go in this like red area okay there has to be a key somewhere in here cuz why would it do all that scary stuff if there's 
[...middle cut...]
e chains and a crowbar to lift that heavy gate I'm not even going to read all that we just need a bunch of tools also why why did the guy write notes like like someone was about to come over here oh ladder but it leads to Nowhere hey Dave are you in here this is all whole maze a whole maze man oh here's a valve of course I can't yo what is going on is there a monster in here or something oh shoot there is actually a monster oh my so I'm going to have to do all this while a goofy AI is chasing me down what is this game play what has Roblox horror come to oh this is something oh this is where I used the chain Cutters but where are the chain Cutters oh this going to take forever [Music] [Music]

=== ID: 4KGu9-XKyE0 ===
TITLE: Google Pushed a Bad Update | Magic Eraser Gets Worse
DESC: Google marketed Magic Eraser 2.0 and the Nano Banana AI models as a revolution for Pixel 9 and Google Photos users, promising "faster, cleaner object removal". However, long-time fans are calling the update a massive step backward. In this deep dive, we explore why users are frustrated with the transition from the original tool to the new "Thinking" and "Fast" models. We cover:   • The "Offline" Lie: Why your phone now forces an internet connection and cloud uploads for features that used to wor
KEYWORD: ChatGPT getting worse
VIEWS: 22
TRANSCRIPT: Google's got these incredible new AI tools that are, well, they're kind of wild. They can fix your photos or, you know, create whole new ones out of thin air. But, and this is a big butt, not everyone's happy about it. There's some real drama brewing and users are not holding back. So, let's get into it. You love that feeling, right? You take what you think is the perfect picture and then you see it, that random person in the background, that ugly trash can, something that just completely ruins the vibe. It's the worst. Well, this is exactly the problem that AI is promising to solve for us. Like with a single tap, a magic wand for your photos. Okay, so Google's answer to this is the magic eraser. It's this super smart AI powered feature that's supposed to just zap those unwanted things right out of your pictures. The whole idea is to make your photos look exactly like you remember the moment. But, you know, the big question is, does it actually work? To figure that out, we got to put it head-to-head. And in the smartphone world, this is pretty much the title fight. You've got Google's magic editor on one side and on the other, Apple's new contender, cleanup. It's a total tech showdown. All right, let's break down how they did in a few real world tests. First up, getting rid of a fire extinguisher. Google nails it. You can see it really understands the scene, keeps the shadows looking right, the wall texture is perfect. Apple, well, it kind of freaks out and just mushes the fl
[...middle cut...]
an, these recent updates have made it a real headache for a lot of people. Second, AI as a creator. This is genuinely revolutionary stuff. It's a whole new way to create images from nothing but your imagination. And third, and this is the most important one, remember the trade-off. The absolute best results are going to come from the cloud, but that means you're giving up some privacy and the ability to work offline. That's the choice you have to make. And all of this leaves us with one final kind of mind-bending question. When anyone, literally anyone, can create or change any image they want with just a few words, what does a real photo even mean anymore? In a world of AI, what is reality?

=== ID: VzpaB_rZCiA ===
TITLE: Will AI Make Humans Extinct? Did GPT-4 Get Worse? & OpenAI's GPT-4 Roadmap Revealed | E17
DESC: This week we cover the Center for AI Safety's Statement and ask, "Will AI Really Make Humans Extinct?" We cover the discussion on GPT-4 Deteriorating: is it really getting worse? And discuss some likely causes.   We also use the Internet Archive to discuss OpenAI's GPT-4 roadmap including a stateful API, giant context sizes, plugins having no product market fit and why OpenAI is constrained by GPUs.  We also cover the lawyer who got caught using ChatGPT and the problems with hallucinations. Will
KEYWORD: ChatGPT getting worse
VIEWS: 1273
TRANSCRIPT: you are necessarily making the model worse and it isn't Unthinkable that the reason people are seeing GPT for getting worse is them messing with their sort of filter that goes on top of everything that it can do [Music] Chris another week another statement about AI risk that a number of notable people are signing onto this time it's from the center for AI safety and it says mitigating the risk of Extinction from AI should be a global priority alongside other societal scale risks such as pandemics and nuclear war Jeffrey Hinton our friend has signed on Sam Altman signed on Bill Gates has signed on uh Ilia sits together from open AIS signed on so there's there's a number of notable names in AI that have signed on to this risk what do you make of it I like that they use the word extinction I mean I know it is an existential threat and it is really serious but Extinction it's just such an emotionally charged word it's like okay it's not going to be a slow and gradual destruction of humanity we're just all gone so yeah I don't know what are they asking for this time well they're not they're not really asking for anything I think what they're trying to do is continue to raise this conversation into the media into the mainstream so that everyone's talking about this including politicians around the world uh and media and and honestly podcasts like us talking about it to to have a conversation about the risk that AI poses and I think that's one point of view on all of this there's th
[...middle cut...]
re's this been just such a big week it's been overwhelming there was probably a hundred more things we could cover today um some people have mentioned that they'd like us to do two recordings of the show in the reviews per week we're we're very curious to hear what you think would you like would you get sick of us if you if you heard from us twice a week or uh would you enjoy it please let us know we'd love love the feedback again if you enjoy the podcast please do consider leaving a review wherever you get your podcast and if you're watching on YouTube we'd like the likes comments and uh and we love interacting with you guys so thanks for participating and uh we'll see you next week [Music]

=== ID: XUQFCpUvgNY ===
TITLE: ChatGPT is Worse Than You Think...
DESC: ChatGPT, made by OpenAI, is pretty scary... today we talk about why...    Thank you for watching 🙏🏼 Main Channel https://www.youtube.com/@louaista Follow @louaista on all platforms to keep in touch with me!  #chatgpt
KEYWORD: ChatGPT getting worse
VIEWS: 52996
TRANSCRIPT: There's a new force that's altering the world as we know it from the ground up. Where it was once the stuff of science [music] fiction, artificial intelligence now has such a profound grip on the world that is more rare to encounter [music] someone who doesn't use it in some capacity than someone who does. And among the sea of competitors, including Grock, Google Gemini, and Claude, [music] the one that even your grandparents know about is Chat GPT. Armed with over 500 million users, the bot is the crown and the jewel of Open AI, a company which by January of 2023 raised funds at a $29 billion valuation, including a potential $10 billion investment by Microsoft. Since [music] reaching its current global market dominance, that figure has ballooned to 500 billion, even with considerable losses. Enlisted for everything from cheating on tests to crafting wedding speeches, the end product can often lead to something vaguely profound or just straight up hilarity. Is Santa real? Santa Claus is a wonderful symbol of the holiday spirit, generosity, and joy. Okay, I'm done with this. She's not smart at all. But these encounters [music] undercut what Chachi BT is really capable of doing. In fact, it can do so much that has caused no shortage of ethical quanderies and doomsday prophecies from some people who fear its power. Now, there's a case to be made that it's all part of the natural process of our technological evolution that's been happening for thousands of years. There are better
[...middle cut...]
 every business process, every government process, and every and every sort of academic process in our nation. In the next year or two, this foundation is being locked in, and it's not we're not going to stop it. Whatever happens from here on out, there's one thing that the experts agree on is that the progress which has been set in motion cannot be stifled. The only hope is that as it progresses, services such as ChateBT can self-regulate or follow government enforced guidelines that it'll help to remedy some of the moral and ethical dilemmas that face this new industry. Not to mention the destructive capabilities that it's displayed and its potential to wreak even more havoc in the future.

