=== ID: 7630944567663119646 ===
DESC: Dockworkers on the West Coast broke every productivity record — and are now being replaced by AI anyway.
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
PLAYS: 10800
TRANSCRIPT: 

=== ID: 7632095579350273310 ===
DESC: Companies too focused on reducing headcount with AI will cease to exist long-term 
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
PLAYS: 1286
TRANSCRIPT: People that work at companies that are reducing headcount with AI, what are you guys doing about this? Last place I worked at was doing it and I felt like my slack was going to get turned off at any second. There is a solution coming down the road, but it's tough to be patient. If I were you, I'd actively be looking for a new job and I'd be trying to figure out ways to make money on my own. I think this initial craze was centered around deep loading really large organizations that truly did need to reduce headcount. It somehow turned into every midsize company thinking they should do the same thing and not caring what heads will roll. I think this is a race to the bottom and these companies will not exist long term. The companies that win will be investing in humans and upskilling their current job descriptions through AI. You see Notion and Ramp already doing this. And I can pretty much guarantee anyone watching this video is not working at a company that's as large or successful as those two. So, you know, just be patient. Find companies that are leading with that counterpoint of humans first through AI instead of just AI or no AI at all. I think that's the way of the future. And in the meantime, I would start getting super familiar with how you can use AI in your free time. That way you'll be more of a ideal candidate when the time comes and the rest of the organization start taking the same approach.

=== ID: 7610516929459080479 ===
DESC: Who will buy things if ai takes everyone’s job? #ai #jobs #careerchange #layoff 
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
PLAYS: 1600000
TRANSCRIPT: 

=== ID: 7470167639785082145 ===
DESC: Artificial Intelligence Will Take Your Job
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
PLAYS: 63000
TRANSCRIPT: AI will replace most jobs and we are not ready for it. Self-driving cars are replacing drivers. AI models are replacing software developers. Robots are replacing factory workers. Jobs will be disappearing and the hard part is that we cannot really predict which ones will disappear and when. Europe needs to prepare for these big changes, and the way to do it is to fundamentally transform education. Our current education systems were created long ago mainly to turn children into obedient factory workers, but now times are changing. Soon factories will not need human workers anymore. Even though we refuse to acknowledge it, today children mostly learn online by themselves. Perhaps the solution on how to fix education is to listen to them carefully and embrace their ways Let me finish with one quote from Isaac Asimov Self-education is the only kind of education there is I love you all

=== ID: 7618664766382411030 ===
DESC: Job vacancies have almost halved since the post-pandemic peak while higher costs for employers and strengthened rights for new hires have made firms more reluctant to recruit. #Job #Jobs #ArtificialIntelligence #AI #Recruitment #Graduate #Graduates #UK #JobMarket #BBCNews
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
PLAYS: 4700000
TRANSCRIPT: There were moments actually where I applied and I got a rejection in less than two minutes, which is really, really horrible. Welcome. Thanks for joining today. Bhuvana Chilakuri is a third year business student who has been rejected from well over 100 jobs. She thinks AI is her biggest problem. Flat rejection within that short period of time makes you feel that this is not a human being looking at this. Definitely. I think that's where most of the students kind of can tell that that's not a human, that's an AI system. Companies say they're sometimes receiving thousands of applications for each role and need a more efficient way to screen candidates in the early stages. LinkedIn says 89% of recruiters are looking to use more AI in their recruitment process this year. I don't blame the companies, right? They're getting flooding amounts of applications. You know, it's like the numbers are in thousands, hundred thousands. So I don't blame them, but it is coming to a point where the students are now getting lazy. So they're like, okay, if you're going to screen with AI, I'm going to apply with AI. So your whole future feels like a computer game in some ways. Yeah, I think that would be the best way to describe it. It's just like a big simulation. And one you're not winning at. One we're clearly not winning at because I think the job market, it's quite obvious that there are a lot of students. There are a lot of roles that need to be filled, but I don't know who's filling them. Do you trust AI? I think a short answer would just be no. I really don't because I know a lot of candidates, even aside from myself from an unbiased position, who really fit for a lot of roles and they end up not getting them.

=== ID: 7564567042532150558 ===
DESC: 17 years of school for a job that got replaced by AI✌🏻#university #ai #computerscience #boltpartner 
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
PLAYS: 581300
TRANSCRIPT: Surprising how cooked! Every major is thanks to AI. Electro engineering. All right, let me put it at this. You can't AI prompt your way out of a solar joint or an RF circuit. Show AI something like this and it's literally frying your brain. Yeah, it's funny because this major is so complicated. Honestly, even AI can't help. Computer science students, y'all are absolutely cooked! AI is coding faster, it's debugging cleaner, and it's even applied to internships now. Come to think of it, let me put y'all to the test. I'm going to code an entire website in a minute just to show y'all how cooked y'all are. All right, we're going to use Bolt.new for this, and we're going to create a Rate My Major website where AI writes how cooked your college major is based off your grad year, your GPA, and your interest. So we're just going to put that in the text box. And now we have the website with how cooked your major is. So we have a rating so we just put in our major which I'll put in right here as your GPA then for the interest Let's just say I don't know what I want to do with my life I have never heard anyone ask for a graphic designer in the past year and every single person that wants something I always hear oh just put it into chat GBT put it into Gemini put it into this AI and it would just make it for you nursing and pre-med luckily for y'all no robot is comforting a patient or taking a blood draw so y'all are safe for now

=== ID: 7624250003594186005 ===
DESC: AI just replaced your coworker. You're next. Copywriters, data entry, customer support, junior devs. The list is real and it is moving fast. Not trying to scare you. Just showing you the pattern before it shows up on your paycheck. The one business on this list that AI cannot touch: remote cleaning. Dust is physical. Toilets are physical. No language model scrubs either. The demand grows every year and the competition stays low because everyone is too busy chasing the next AI tool. Which job on 
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
PLAYS: 654
TRANSCRIPT: Thank you. Thank you.

=== ID: 7547448190362979639 ===
DESC: By 2027, will AI take over most jobs? With free labor & cognitive power, experts predict massive unemployment as AI and robots replace human roles. #AI #future #robots #technology #prediction #automation
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
PLAYS: 102200
TRANSCRIPT: What is your prediction for the year 2027? So we're looking at a world where we have levels of unemployment we've never seen before. We're probably looking at AGI as predicted by prediction markets and tops of the labs. So we'd have artificial general intelligence by 2027. How would that make the world different to how it is now? So if you have this concept of a drop-in employee, you have free labor, physical and cognitive, trillions of dollars of it. It makes no sense to hire humans for most jobs. If I can just get, you know, a $20 subscription or a free model to do what an employee does, first, anything on a computer will be automated. And next, I think humanoid robots are maybe five years behind. So in five years, all the physical labor can also be automated. So we're looking at a world where we have levels of unemployment we've never seen before. I'm not talking about 10% unemployment, which is scary, but 99%.

=== ID: 7630912600456400159 ===
DESC: Half of UK executives now think AI will mean fewer jobs over the next decade — with young workers expected to be hardest hit Irina Anghel explains.  #AI #tech #business #jobs #jobmarket 
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
PLAYS: 8455
TRANSCRIPT: Another blow for young workers as UK executives see AI cutting jobs over the next decade. Around half of UK bosses fear the technology will lead to fewer jobs across the economy, and that's up from a third two years ago. And it's entry-level roles that are expected to bear the brunt. Almost 40% of business leaders surveyed now see AI reducing demand, up from about a fifth. Youth unemployment has become a pressing problem for Prime Minister Keir Starmer. The share of jobless 16 to 24-year-olds is at its highest in a decade, and that's due to a mix of steep employment costs and technology affecting white-collar sectors. There's a clear disconnect between employees and their bosses. Almost a fifth of workers now use generative AI daily, mostly to improve the quality of their work. But business leaders tend to see AI mainly as a way to cut costs rather than grow revenue. That's bad news for young people looking for their first job.

=== ID: 7608937173605223713 ===
DESC: Behind the scenes of the A321F: keeping the freighter mission-ready. ✈️📦 You think AI can replace aircraft engineers? 👀 #aircraftengineering #aircraftmaintenance #airbus321f #cargoplane #aircraftmechanic 
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
PLAYS: 77700
TRANSCRIPT: 

=== ID: 7632120870747573517 ===
DESC: As companies AI usage seems to be ramping up, so are job cuts. Meta is alleged to be laying off workers soon. Microsoft has allegedly offered to buy out some employees. There have been other companies that have laid off workers too citing efficiency and AI as reasons. I think most people felt like job training would be wise in this AI era to make up for the skills needed to perform jobs that AI can't do at this point. It'd be more than wise imo with all of these layoffs and inventions of robots 
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
PLAYS: 413
TRANSCRIPT: Thousands of people have been losing their jobs as of late, and a lot of companies seem to be citing that it's due to them trying to be more efficient budget-wise because they're trying to make room for more AI-related projects. Well, there are going to be thousands more people as well losing their job within the next month because Meta is cutting thousands of jobs, and Microsoft is going to offer to buy out some of their employees. While AI is wonderful, where are all the displaced workers going to go? There's a lot of sources talking about job training, but I mean, there's been layoffs and masses.

=== ID: 7632351670948678925 ===
DESC: The Verizon CEO predicted a 30% unemployment rate due to AI, the anthropic CEO had similar predictions. But why are we allowing CEOs with something to gain from this news to cosplay as economists. Most economist think the job market will be affected, but not nearly as much as the media wants you to believe. #careeradvice #jobmarket #unemployment 
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
PLAYS: 6041
TRANSCRIPT: CEO of Verizon just predicted that AI would cause 20 to 30% unemployment. CEO of Anthropic has made very similar claims about AI replacing knowledge work. And everyone just repeated it. As if running a large company automatically makes you an expert on labor economics. And here's the thing about CEOs. They are great, sometimes, at running their own companies. Verizon CEO has an impressive background. But being good at one thing does not make you an expert at everything. And labor economics is a very specific discipline that most CEOs have never studied in. So why are we all so hung on to what they are saying, mostly when it is about promoting their own names and businesses? Because what people who would actually know this stuff for a living are saying is different. In fact, a new study out of the Federal Reserve of Chicago surveyed 69 economists, 52 AI specialists, and 38 super forecasters, which is essentially people who are selected for their track record of constantly being right about these things. And what they predicted over the next five years is a 1.6% decrease in the labor force. Now, that number is not nothing because it measures labor across the entire working force population, but it is nowhere near the apocalyptic numbers that CEOs are giving and are going viral in t
[...middle cut...]
ne. They have even changed their numbers over the last few years, realizing it is moving faster than they expected. But there's a difference between the real conversation economists are having about a slight decrease to the labor force and touting 30% unemployment numbers. And I will always put more weight into what people who study something and know something well say versus what somebody who has something to sell says. Do you think we're giving CEOs too much credibility in these news stories?

=== ID: 7632582066340629781 ===
DESC: Four AI launches in 7 days just rewrote who runs the world 🌍 China caught up. America sped up. And Google? Google just made AI that runs entire businesses — no human needed. The era of "AI assistants" is over. The era of AI workers just began. Watch full breakdown 👇 #AI #DeepSeek #ChatGPT #Claude #Google #AIAgents #TechTok #LearnOnTikTok #Geopolitics #FutureOfWork #MRSD #AINews #TechNews #ArtificialIntelligence #AIRevolution
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
PLAYS: 412
TRANSCRIPT: In one week, four new AI systems launched. Each one changes who has power. China released DeepSeek Vi4, as smart as the best American AI, but far cheaper. America answered with GPT 5.5 and Claude Opus 4.7, faster, sharper, better at doing real work online. And Google launched AI agents that don't just chat, they run businesses. Until now, AI gave you answers. This week, AI started taking actions. It can book your travel, manage a supply chain, handle customer complaints, and write code, all without a human in the loop. China proved this technology no longer belongs to Silicon Valley, and Google proved it no longer belongs in a chat window. The office worker, the call center, the coder, their jobs just changed forever. MRSD. Intelligence, not reporting. Bye.

=== ID: 7617944467898715414 ===
DESC: Analysts warn China could deploy autonomous AI-powered war machines on battlefields within the next two years. #warrobots #Robotics #DancingDrones #NewsBuzz247 #News 
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
PLAYS: 467600
TRANSCRIPT: The world is watching Iran and Israel. China is watching the world and building something that makes all of it look like the last generation of war. Defense analysts warn China could deploy fully autonomous killing machines with no human needed to fire within two years, developing them four to five times faster than the West. In January, one Chinese soldier supervised 200 autonomous combat drones simultaneously. A new AI military vehicle analyzes 10,000 battlefield scenarios in 48 seconds. Robot wolves in military parades. Hawk drone swarms that hunt like predators. Deep-seek powered weapons that work even when communications are jammed. The Iran war is giving every military on Earth live AI training data. China is not wasting a single second of it. The next war won't be fought by soldiers.

=== ID: 7630323927214001421 ===
DESC: damn even AI taking security guard jobs now 😭💀 #robots #ai #jobmarket #losangeles #ktown 
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
PLAYS: 661
TRANSCRIPT: So

=== ID: 7632445286996135199 ===
DESC: The AI takeover Comic by Joe Flanders Hey, I’m Mistah J, I'm  an aspiring voice actor just out here testing my voice and range, and figuring it out in real time. If my style makes you laugh, stick around. There’s a lot more where that came from. If you want the inside scoop, subscribers get behind-the-scenes looks at how I create my videos, plus a front-row seat to the journey as I chase this voice acting thing for real. #comic #terminator #funny #ai #officelife 
KEYWORD: AI taking jobs
PLAYS: 3902
TRANSCRIPT: I'm sorry, Blary, but the higher-ups have hired a proprietary AI to do your job as a cost-saving measure. What? I'd love to see the robot you think can handle my job. Oh, well, let's have a look then. Wait, seriously? Another 445 meeting? What do you mean Slack isn't updating? No, I'm not bringing anything to the potluck red eye. I gotta be honest, this is fucking dope as hell.

=== ID: 7631334170303728917 ===
DESC: Most people think that AI is just ChatGPT. Ask a question. Get an answer. But that’s only the surface. While people are playing with prompts, AI is already replacing roles and building systems. And the scary part? Even governments are still catching up. Technology moves fast. People move slow. This isn’t just a tool. It’s a shift.
KEYWORD: AI replacing workers
PLAYS: 614
TRANSCRIPT: the government is completely unprepared for what's happening with AI. It's going so fast that most people are still using AI for Google search. Even that, I think the last time I read something, 4% of people are actually even using ChatGPT. People are completely blown away when they find out that there are AI agents that can literally do their job for them.

=== ID: 7628948732838530311 ===
DESC: This week on: the world is a dumpster fire and the job market is a mess #career #ai #jobs
KEYWORD: AI replacing workers
PLAYS: 952500
TRANSCRIPT: So they laid off everyone to replace them with AI, or at least that's what they told us. And now everything's gone to shit. Let's talk about it. Mark my words, we are about to enter the great AI rebound. Reports are coming out, this is not very surprising, that a lot of the companies who said they were doing layoffs to replace people with AI actually never were replacing people with AI. They just did that to boost their stock price in the short term. Now they're like trying to use AI. Everything's going to shit, especially in their customer service and customer facing roles. the and they're like wow we should really rehire everyone in this Forbes article they were talking about how over half of the companies who did AI layoffs are going to end up rehiring these people by 2027

=== ID: 7624566998944501013 ===
DESC: How Companies Are Using AI to Replace Workers 😳 #canada #canadianpolitics  #AI #usingai 
KEYWORD: AI replacing workers
PLAYS: 256
TRANSCRIPT: One of the interesting ways lots of employers are finding ways to drive efficiencies is this new technology called AI. Right. And again, maybe somewhat ironically here, Anthropic, one of the world's leading AI companies, released a report two weeks ago. I'll throw the graph up on the screen, but it shows where job disruption will take place based on how people are currently using their tools. And one of the things they noticed is that there's been a increase by, I think, roughly 14% in youth unemployment, because entry-level jobs are the ones often in the watercolor industries that are being taken out first. Right. And you hear these things and you go, oh, you know, that's some stats and whatever, and it's, you know, not necessarily tanked the economy yet.

=== ID: 7632466746443599118 ===
DESC: A New Jersey township's board of education is acknowledging parents' concerns after state police arrested a high school student accused of creating and sharing nude AI images of his fellow classmates. #nj #ai #aiphotos#students
KEYWORD: AI replacing workers
PLAYS: 145300
TRANSCRIPT: Well, now there's this alarming situation at a high school in New Jersey where a teenager was arrested for sharing AI-generated nude images of students. State police say a tip led them to arrest the 17-year-old boy who was a student at Montgomery Township High School. Of course, the news has upset parents and students who are now looking to the school district for some answers. New Jersey reporter Tony Yates is live in Montgomery Township talking with families this evening. Tony. Yeah, Sade and Mike, you know, this is just another one of those unfortunate incidents that has happened. I mean, look at the technology that is at children's fingertips. You know, one critically wrong move could literally cost them their childhood. In a message to parents, the school district says the inappropriate images were created outside of school hours and away from school grounds. The 17-year-old suspect was arrested by state police back in March, charged with harassment, possession, and distribution of child sexual exploitation and abuse material. That message posted to parents also says in part, we hold high expectations for student conduct and strongly condemn the misuse of technology, including artificial intelligence, in ways that harm, exploit, or target others. This kid is 17 years old. Ex
[...middle cut...]
ounseling for any student affected, and actively working to strengthen education around digital safety, responsible technology use, and risks associated with artificial intelligence and social media. And because this student is 17 years old, a minor, neither the school district nor state police will comment on the case. Of course, they are required to protect his identity, so there is no update on his status. For now, we're live here in Montgomery Township, Tony Yates, Channel 7 Eyewitness News.

=== ID: 7609086417251142926 ===
DESC: Tech companies just eliminated 165,000 jobs by replacing workers with AI. Amazon, Microsoft, Intel. They're all doing it. And if you think your job is safe, you're not paying attention. The reality is simple: AI is getting better at what you do every single day. But here's what people miss... AI can't control physical assets. It can't build relationships. It can't negotiate leases or manage properties. That's where Airbnb Arbitrage comes in. You're not competing against AI. You're using it to do
KEYWORD: AI replacing workers
PLAYS: 148
TRANSCRIPT: 

=== ID: 7631886769570598166 ===
DESC: Nearly half of Gen Z admit to ‘sabotaging’ AI bots…🤖
KEYWORD: AI replacing workers
PLAYS: 1522
TRANSCRIPT: What is AI sabotage? And are employees turning on bots to help save their jobs? A study found that one in three people were deliberately sabotaging artificial intelligence in the workplace because they're scared it's taking their jobs. So how are people sabotaging AI? Well, it's not a case of taking a hammer to your desktop or asking ChatGPT to delete itself. Instead, AI sabotage can range from tampering with AI-produced content to make it seem worse at its job to feeding AI bots poisoned or corrupted files to cause something called total model collapse. And it seems people are right to worry. Some company bosses admitted they were considering laying off staff that can't or won't use AI, while others reckoned that artificial intelligence bots could take hundreds of millions of jobs in the next five years worldwide.

=== ID: 7632117030388354318 ===
DESC: AI replaced me 2 years ago (almost to the day) and I lost my job where I was the only female employee. It was hard but it gave me the kick I needed to start my journey towards becoming a birth doula. Today, I am on a trip with the most important women in my life to get trained to support people after they have given birth. Life is so beautiful, and stay tuned for more information about the training! #doula #postpartumfitnessjourney #antiai #laidoff #dreamjob 
KEYWORD: AI replacing workers
PLAYS: 434
TRANSCRIPT: Two years ago, I was laid off by my company where I was the only female employee. I was replaced by AI and I thought everything was over. Now I am on a trip with my mom, sister, and best friend. We are driving up so I can do a training with a group of women where we are all going to get certified to teach postpartum recovery, which is a class through the fourth trimester fitness method, so that we can help people who have just given birth feel at home in their bodies again. my mom just walked up with my pelvis but i just want to say life works in beautiful ways and i can't wait to tell you all more about this training

=== ID: 7589596167537708299 ===
DESC: 📰 Article highlights: Last year, tech giants were sure AI would replace jobs, thinking costs would drop and efficiency would soar. Salesforce even laid off nearly 4,000 experienced staff after investing in its AI-powered “Agentforce” system, with CEO Marc Benioff saying fewer humans were needed in the future. Now, the situation is quite different. Executives admit their confidence was excessive. What went wrong? AI faced challenges with: • Reliability • Decision-making in real scenarios • Trust 
KEYWORD: AI replacing workers
PLAYS: 312
TRANSCRIPT: Laura's Phillips Dog Watch Peter Rojas O hop Bye.

=== ID: 7436001480898792722 ===
DESC: Beware, for Ai is developing power to replace Jobs and Humans way more advanced. Jobs, maybe courses, whom you've never expected to have the danger of being replaced. Learn Skillsets Whom Ai will never replace no matter how hard developers program them. Adaptability.
KEYWORD: AI replacing workers
PLAYS: 844
TRANSCRIPT: действительно

=== ID: 7630522391961128206 ===
DESC: Salesforce CEO: AI is replacing 70,000 employees in key roles like engineers and lawyers. The execution layer of business is going to machines. #AI #FutureOfWork #TechNews #Business #Automation
KEYWORD: AI replacing workers
PLAYS: 579
TRANSCRIPT: Earlier this year, Salesforce CEO Mark Benoff told Fortune that his company with 70,000 employees will not be hiring additional software engineers, customer service agents, or lawyers because of AI. Let that land for a second. This isn't a startup founder talking about disruption from a stage. This is the CEO of one of the largest enterprise software companies in the world announcing publicly that the execution layer of his business is being handed to machines.

=== ID: 7556219145248083202 ===
DESC: Robots have started replacing workers
KEYWORD: AI replacing workers
PLAYS: 23900
TRANSCRIPT: In China, robots are already being used not just for entertainment, but to start replacing people. And very soon, even your job might be replaced by a robot. Walking down the streets, you can see robot police officers calmly patrolling and maintaining order. If you cross the road in the wrong place, it will catch up with you. And if you try to resist, it will immediately arrest you. Even though this robot is small, believe me, that won't save you. Even in stores, instead of cashiers, robots are often placed to serve customers. One such model costs only a couple thousand dollars, but they don't need a salary, just occasional checkups. That's why such workers are much more profitable than ordinary people. It has even come to the point where some people choose to marry robots, because according to them, a robot never pressures you or yells, and artificial intelligence can cook any food you ask for. One guy even decided to show how he lives with his robot wife. To see this, type robot human into TikTok search.

=== ID: 7619294492402765078 ===
DESC: ⚠️ L'intelligence artificielle menace cinq millions d'emplois en France, ciblant principalement les cols blancs. Êtes vous concernés ? Les métiers de l'informatique, de l'architecture et de la création sont en première ligne face à l'automatisation des tâches complexes. Top Info fait le point.
KEYWORD: AI replacing workers
PLAYS: 2300000
TRANSCRIPT: Voici la liste des métiers les plus menacés par l'IA en France. Les architectes et les ingénieurs sont les premiers concernés, avec 26,9% d'emplois à risque. Ensuite, ce sont les informaticiens et les mathématiciens, puis ceux qui travaillent dans les sciences de la vie, les sciences physiques et les sciences sociales. Les métiers des arts, du design, du spectacle, du sport et des médias sont aussi fortement menacés, tout comme les employés de bureaux ou les commerciaux. Ça fait beaucoup de monde, et selon l'étude du COFAS et de l'Observatoire des emplois menacés ou émergents, d'ici 2 à 5 ans, c'est 5 millions de postes qui seront supprimés pour être remplacés par l'IA. Des emplois en général très qualifiés et jusqu'ici bien rémunérés. Selon l'étude, ce sont les 10% des plus hauts revenus du pays qui sont les plus touchés. C'est une révolution de l'emploi en col blanc. Plus vous êtes allé loin dans les études, plus il est probable que vous occupiez un emploi menacé puisqu'on estime ce risque à 10% pour les travailleurs étant allés au bout d'études plutôt courtes et plutôt techniques, mais plutôt de 20 à 25% pour les diplômés de l'université. Bon, on n'est pas tous condamnés. L'étude donne aussi la liste des métiers les moins remplaçables par l'IA. 5% de métiers à risque pour ceux
[...middle cut...]
s bâtiments et des espaces extérieurs. Sont aussi épargnés les agriculteurs, les pêcheurs et les restaurateurs. Pour faire leur classement, les chercheurs ont analysé chaque profession. Ils ont regardé par métier le taux de tâches qui peuvent être automatisés. Ça veut dire que les 5 millions d'emplois remplacés par l'IA, c'est sur le papier. L'étude ne prend pas en compte les règles éthiques, le cadre législatif ou encore la contestation sociale. Bref, ça ne va pas se faire du jour au lendemain.

=== ID: 7617561642649341206 ===
DESC: AI layoffs spark backlash at Block. Jack Dorsey’s company Block just cut around 4,000 employees, nearly half its workforce. Leadership says modern AI tools now allow smaller teams to build and ship much more software. Internal data reportedly showed engineers producing over 40 percent more production code with AI coding tools like Anthropic’s models and OpenAI developer tools. But many former employees are pushing back. They say AI still produces messy code that requires heavy human review and f
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
PLAYS: 835
TRANSCRIPT: 

=== ID: 7631684692751715597 ===
DESC: Mass layoff incoming: Meta to slash thousands of jobs amid $135 billion AI investment
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
PLAYS: 7743
TRANSCRIPT: So they kind of just came in and assumed that it was all going to work out. You know, they're just going to go up there and build a data center. And then things go wrong and they got a delay. My brother works for Tesla and they have constant delays and they don't have enough materials as it is. If it's happening in America with Tesla already, we can expect it to happen with these data centers. Shortages of electrical equipment such as transformers, switchgear and batteries are adding pressure to meet the massive power demands of these facilities. Residents like Christian Atineo point out that much of this equipment is built abroad, leaving these projects dependent on international suppliers. Fuel cells, renewable energy, energy storage, and all those different components, unfortunately, are not built within the United States. They're actually sourced from outside the country. And that's one thing you can't regulate, what actually goes on in other countries.

=== ID: 7632294918941166861 ===
DESC: AI layoffs are here, but are they the real reason? Companies are using it as an excuse, no matter what.
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
PLAYS: 13
TRANSCRIPT: I will say this as well. Every company now has the option to say that they're cutting because of AI. Even if they're not cutting because of AI. Right?

=== ID: 7631410761796947213 ===
DESC: Oh ai is not productive for work when you replace entire teams with layoffs?! Fork found in kitchen! #ai #businesstools #aibubble #forkfoundinkitchen 
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
PLAYS: 531
TRANSCRIPT: Literally thousands of business CEOs are finally admitting that AI is completely unproductive for the workforce. And they were so gleeful and happy and excited to lay off their entire workforce. They never thought about if we're going to use this, how should we use it? It reminds me of when I worked at a company when Slack was first popping off. And they literally presented it to us by saying, hey, this is a replacement for email. Instead of sending an email, send it over Slack. This is how you're going to organize everything instead of email. And all of us who had grown up in the era of AOL Messenger, MSN Messenger, we literally sat in that meeting going, this is a chat. This is a chat function. It is a tool of communication. It is not a replacement for email. We had people who would respond to emails by sending a Slack. And every time I still replied an email, I was not playing that game. And that's the thing. If these companies are so diehard on using AI, they need to recognize it is not a replacement for an entire workforce. it is a tool to enhance certain things and they need to actually be really smart about how they're using it and they need people to manage it you can't just suddenly completely replace entire systems entire departments with technology that literally is just not there yet either and so they've all been thinking about it the wrong way from the get-go so i'm not surprised that they're finding it massively unproductive

=== ID: 7555941163174251790 ===
DESC: The AI layoffs have begun. Not all companies will fire their employees, but a lot will… #ai #christisking #layoffs #business 
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
PLAYS: 351
TRANSCRIPT: Well everybody, it's happening. The tech giants are firing people, even though they're in profit, even though they're growing, they're making tons of money. They're laying people off because AI is doing it better. The data is actually showing that for every $150,000 employee they let go, they're actually making a million dollars because these systems they are putting in place are showing to be more profitable. Now here's the deal. We all knew this was coming. It makes sense that these tech giants are the ones doing it. They have the most employee overhead all that stuff the problem is they're gonna release this data over and over and over again showing hey every time we fired someone who makes 150k we make a million bucks and a bunch of these boomer business owners that have businesses that are doing you know 10 15 million a year they've got a couple employees they're gonna correlate i'm paying my employees 150k i want to make a million dollars more and so far i've seen zero indication that any of these boomer business owners that are not tech giants who know what they're doing are going to make a good decision in this situation. The good decision for boomers would be, hey, let's keep the people that are loyal to you. Let's give them AI, right? And then everyone is going to make 
[...middle cut...]
ou're going to have a healthier business. I'm telling you, there's only two people that are going to win in the coming years. And that is the tech giants that actually know how to do this properly. And I think young entrepreneurs that learn how to use AI to build something for themselves, anyone that's putting their whole life stock in a nine to five job making an okay living wage for someone who frankly just sees you as a number, it's just not going to work out. Not the times we live in, right?

=== ID: 7599140663636053279 ===
DESC: poor dog on new York railway train station 🚉🚂🚆😨🤯🤯 This looks real… but it’s not 😳 AI videos are getting scary. Most people miss it the first time 👀 Real or AI? 🤯 ai video generated veo3 videos  #sora  #artificialintelligence  #AIgenerated  #creatorsearchinsights  #fyp Ai car restoration documentary engineSnow to the roofAI VIDEO generated veo3 google flow 😎 sora2 by openAi. viral TikTok vibes for you  ai intelligence artificial video 📸 fyp viral video  follow me for more 😎🤖    @TikTok  @TikTok F
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
PLAYS: 2200000
TRANSCRIPT: Oh, that's awesome. Get some kind of upset sounds. Oh, fine.

=== ID: 7611602549694614815 ===
DESC: The company I JUST used to work for laid off half of its employees because of “AI” - here’s what I think #layoffs #ai #tech 
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
PLAYS: 18800
TRANSCRIPT: Yesterday, 4,000 people lost their jobs at Block, almost half its workforce. And the reason they're given is because of AI. I just used to work there, so this hits very close to home. And I don't have any insights into the company's internal decision-making. But the headlines are calling this an AI layoff. But from the outside, I think this fits into a broader macro story. And to show you, I'm going to use a different company as an example using two pictures. This is Meta's employee count over the years. In 2019, they had around 40,000 employees. In 2022, they had over 80,000. If you remember in 2021, tech hiring went crazy. Everyone was hiring for a completely online future that really never materialized. I'm still waiting on my metaverse, Marky Mark. Metastock peaked in 2022 and then tanked until they course corrected, aka focused on efficiency and invested heavily in AI. And look at the stock now. Does it really seem like a case of AI being able to replace everyone's jobs today? Or is this just following macroeconomic trends and cycles? Do companies really need engineers to double down on AI more than they already have? I mean, look across the industry. Everyone's already AI native. Your grandma just vibe crowded a crypto day trading app using Claude Code. Do I think AI can co
[...middle cut...]
obably. Well, what I really think is going on right now is broader strategic shifts and companies still recalibrating after a very aggressive hiring cycles. The market in general seems to be very skeptical of companies that aren't already in this AI waiver building a super strong AI mode. What that means for workers like me and you still remains to be seen. But I do agree that this is probably not going to be the last company that's going to try to get back to pre-COVID levels in the name of AI.

=== ID: 7632221389386288404 ===
DESC: Here is what you need to know about new updates about AI Industry  📊 SOURCES - Gartner — AI Rehiring Report 2025 - Forrester Research — Employer Regret Survey - AZFamily — AI Replacement Survey - Innovative Human Capital — DevOps AI Cost Analysis - 404 Media — Startup AI Infrastructure Bills - Unosquare Research — AI Failure Rate Report 2024 Follow @zakir_playbook #AI #AILayoffs #CareerPakistan #Zakirplaybook #FutureOfWork
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
PLAYS: 550
TRANSCRIPT: In the last 5 years, we hear everywhere AI is taking off jobs, companies led up thousands of people to replace them with AI. But just recent reports come up and you need to hear this. In this recent report, 50% of the companies that did AI related layoffs are expected to rehire for the exact same role by 2027. 29% of the companies that replaced workers with AI have already started rehiring them. AI can cut certain DevOps costs by upto 9 to 4% but here is the dark side of the date number. Just look at this picture. AI infrastructure cost of $113,000 per month for a poor person team. The content of AI looks cheap but the annual infrastructure cost run into $100,000. LLM hallucinations alone caused businesses over 67 billion dollars in losses in 2024. 80% of the AI projects fail. That is twice the failure rate of traditional IT projects. AI is a powerful tool and we all know this. But AI can not replace human judgement, contextual and accountability. Those companies which fire humans for increasing AI efficiency in their work are now regretting regretting and they are stepping forward to rehire each of the employee they got lost. And if you want to see the full report you can comment me anywhere and I will DM you into your inbox.

=== ID: 7612803880245611806 ===
DESC: i got replaced by AI 🤖 the AI wave is here - are you ready? 🤯  #techlayoffs #jobmarket #corporategirly #aiwave #ai 
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
PLAYS: 9112
TRANSCRIPT: I got replaced by AI. No, really. Like, I got an email from the CEO of our company that my role had been eliminated and the cause was AI. With how fast AI is moving, I always knew that this could be a possibility, but I had zero idea that this would happen in 2026. If you're new here, I'm a performance marketing manager. I've spent my whole career mostly in the tech world, which is the most exciting place to be, but also one of the craziest places to be right now. I don't want to be a doomsdayer by any means, but if you're in the tech industry, you better watch out. I already use AI on a daily basis, learning how to vibe code, use all the different tools. I'm on top of it, but the fact that my full-time job has now been completely replaced, that's a little jarring. It's pretty crazy going from working full-time to absolutely nothing overnight. I have been laid off before, so it's not my first rodeo or anything with that. Honestly, I'm super excited for what this next chapter has in store, but food for thought. If your CEO came to you and told you you were being replaced by AI, would you be ready to pivot? Well, ready or not, here I come. So make sure to follow along as I figure out my next chapter.

=== ID: 7630861785272225037 ===
DESC: Remember, I said that there are companies that use the AI train as a reason why they are going to layoff or have laid off? 🎤 I will say that if there is a company that is likely further along that journey, it is Meta. When I worked for them several years ago, they were already in the mode of building out AI training, machine learning, etc., their AI models.  With Meta not being as far along as other companies when it comes to the popularity and capabilities of their model, they are about to get 
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
PLAYS: 275
TRANSCRIPT: it's getting real tight out there. So word on the street and it's verified now. Meta is about to slash a bunch of jobs. And behind that, we've got some other tech companies and financial companies that are doing the same thing. And you guessed it, AI is the reason why. They are talking about, they're able to streamline. There's one company called Block that they are going to cut 40%, I think, of their employees. So that means about 4,000. So they're a smaller organization. But this man who is the CEO said, I'm getting ahead of the game because I know my counterparts and my rivals, my competitors are going to be doing the same. So here's to you. I'm saying, listen, short of some apocalypse happening, I don't see the AI train slowing down anytime soon, okay? I already told y'all what I'm doing. I'm leaning into the governance of this thing because somebody's got to be able to go in and say, hey, hey, hey, you shouldn't do it like that. Be able to have some cases to be able to talk through with these companies that are needing, what are you going to do, okay? This is not time to, no AI, no AI. Okay, I get you, I hear you. But what are you going to do when it arrives? at your doorstep. So I want you to be proactive just like these companies are saying they're being proactive. Remembe
[...middle cut...]
sure that you're doing what you need to for you. So it may mean you got an extra night that you're gonna have to stay up and study. You need to lean into whatever it is that you feel you're strong at and do it. If it's owning a business, go full throttle. If it's going back to school so that you can get that degree or that certification, do it now. This is not time to lay back on your laurels and think that, oh, everything's gonna be okay because it's coming. It is coming. It's here. Okay? Okay.

=== ID: 7584836738003176718 ===
DESC: Microsoft kicked off round 1 of the AI layoffs today. Who will be next. Place your bets. Dude John Durelli #Microsoft #AI #Layoffs #FutureOfWork #TechNews #JobMarket #fyp
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
PLAYS: 2275
TRANSCRIPT: Well, not much of a surprise. I told you guys a couple days ago that I thought the start of the AI purge in big corporate was starting. And I think it has. Microsoft kicked it off today in style, Microsoft style, right? Announcing layoffs of over 9,000 people. Couple that with, I think, the 6,000 people they laid off in May. Plus, I'm sure they had some other minor layoffs in between. So they're probably closing in on 20,000 for the year. I wouldn't be surprised if they get to 25,000 or 30,000 layoffs by the time we get to the end of the year. The other thing I wouldn't be surprised is to see a number of these other bigger companies follow suit. It always takes one to start the process, and Microsoft did the honors this time. Fresh off their all-time high of a stock price, and it was down a little bit after announcing the layoffs, which is a change. usually in big corporate announces layoffs we see stock prices go up so don't think it's gonna slow down and again like I say if we're at twenty plus thousand for Microsoft

=== ID: 7622306764129668359 ===
DESC: AI layoffs are real, but it's also a convenient excuse to fix over-hiring from the last boom. The message is blunt: AI is here, and it's being used to address past mistakes. #AI #AILayoffs #Business #FutureOfWork #TechTrends
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
PLAYS: 151
TRANSCRIPT: Asked Saidi Zahidi, Managing Director of World Economic Forum, are the AI layoffs real? Well, I'm going to not say who it is, but I'm going to share what they told me, which is that they feel that it's one of the top people on jobs here. And he told me that essentially he thinks that a lot of firms are sort of maybe using this moment of concern around artificial intelligence to essentially take care of the issue that you're talking about, which is that there was some overhiring three years ago. And so now is the time to change that. And, you know, it's sort of a somewhat convenient moment to use this as an excuse. Okay. So from inside the room, the message is pretty blunt. Yes, AI is real. But it's also a perfect excuse to fix the overhiring that happened during the last boom.

=== ID: 7623525260637392159 ===
DESC: We’re now in the age of AI, and this administration isn't doing enough to safeguard our well-being. There are too many issues happening all at once. #AI #Layoffs #Economy  
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
PLAYS: 595
TRANSCRIPT: I

=== ID: 7631908136479247638 ===
DESC: Tech layoffs are soaring, but is AI the real culprit? Unpacking the truth behind job losses and corporate decisions. #layoffs #tech #joblosses #AI
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
PLAYS: 755
TRANSCRIPT: Someone threw a Molotov near Sam Altman's house this week. And honestly, I'm not surprised anymore. People are furious. Marches in London. Unions banding together. Nearly 80,000 tech jobs gone last quarter and everyone's blaming AI. What's bugging me is that according to analysts that have looked at it, well, cost cutting, only about 30,000 of those cuts are really down to AI. The rest? CEOs who wanted to make those calls anyway and finally found a story shareholders would buy. So the anger is real. The job losses are real. But a lot of it is pointed at the machine when it should be pointed at the people using the machine as cover. So when you're aiming your Molotov, metaphorically, please aim carefully. The tools aren't going anywhere. Pandora's box is wide open. and that ship has sailed. So who's actually making the decision? Your job is gone and are we aiming at the right target?

=== ID: 7631946650218450189 ===
DESC: 2026 focus: community! AI + layoffs = tough job market. Build in-person connections NOW, before you need them. Trust is key. #CommunityBuilding #CareerAdvice #Networking #JobMarket #FutureOfWork
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
PLAYS: 293
TRANSCRIPT: 2026 for me is all about building community because the way that the job market is set up with AI taking entry-level jobs, layoffs happening at a rapid pace, DEI being slashed, so there's not that conduit for us to get jobs as easy as before. And then LinkedIn and Indeed really being a place where you can't necessarily trust that the jobs are actually going to be calling you back or there might actually be hiring, in-person relationships and being able to meet people when you don't need them. So when you do, the relationship is there.

=== ID: 7545178644994362637 ===
DESC: $400K vs $43K: The Harsh Truth About AI Layoffs #layoffs #AI #career #economy #jobs #money
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
PLAYS: 588
TRANSCRIPT: Nike, they just announced layoffs, even though they are posting billions of dollars in revenues. Broker, they eliminated nearly a thousand corporate positions while opening new stores. And over 2,000 workers got Warren notices filed on Friday before the long weekend. Here's the thing that companies like to do. They love to bury the bad news during the holiday weekends because most people are distracted. But here's the twist. The same companies laying off people are paying AI specialists $564,000 a year. TikTok, your favorite app that many of you like to use, they reviewed that they are paying search product managers over a half a million. Same economic conditions. Two tech workers unpositioned themselves strategically and moved from Amazon to Meta for $400,000 a year. One got laid off and panicked and ended up living back with his parents. now he's making $43,000 a year at an Ohio bank experience. No matter if you panic and position yourself wrong, strategic positioning while being employed matters more than years of experience. When you are desperate,

=== ID: 7446855190432746798 ===
DESC: Bro outsourced the layoff to AI 💀  @leonsilicon  #tech #ai #chatgpt #founder #developer #business #comedy 
KEYWORD: AI layoffs
PLAYS: 1800000
TRANSCRIPT: Can you lay off Leon now? He's in the room. Leon, thank you for everything you've done here. But we've decided to move forward without your war. We wish you all the best in your next chapter. Can't do that. I have a 6pm massage. Leon, I'm sure Mercury's second intervention will guide you to your next opportunity. Best of luck. Can you tell him to stop being awkward about it?

=== ID: 7594102272418663711 ===
DESC: Istg AI needs to be stopped..  #acting #dreamjob #job #whenigrowup #theatrekid 
KEYWORD: will AI take my job
PLAYS: 394300
TRANSCRIPT: When I grow up, when I grow up, when I grow up I will be strong enough to carry all the heavy things you have to hold around with you When you're a grown-up

=== ID: 7630069902610664718 ===
DESC: AI will replace your work soon #fyu #fyp #ai #robot 
KEYWORD: will AI take my job
PLAYS: 335
TRANSCRIPT: Because I am an AI, AI, and I'm gonna fuck your life, because I am an AI, AI, and I'm gonna fuck your life, because I am an AI, AI, a bird.

=== ID: 7631742738756537614 ===
DESC: waitress era ending soon😭      #fyp 
KEYWORD: will AI take my job
PLAYS: 475
TRANSCRIPT: Here comes the robot, pretty and smart. Your delicious meal is here. Enjoy your meal.

=== ID: 7631222619789888781 ===
DESC: Riddle me this! How can AI “take our jobs” in the humanities when… The marketplace stripped the humanities of their humanity long ago? Creativity has been stolen from us and resold to us as optional, unnecessary, unproductive by a brandscape that puts profits over people. It’s taken generations, but the campaign worked. We’ve collectively bought into the myth that art is a vocation for human doing vs. the natural state of human being. AI didn’t do this. Capitalism did. To create is not a job, bu
KEYWORD: will AI take my job
PLAYS: 199
TRANSCRIPT: My journal made me do it because it's telling me how can AI take our jobs, like our jobs in the humanities, when the marketplace stripped the humanities of their humanity long ago. We have been alienated from our inherent creativity as human beings, told and sold into the myth that creativity is something that some people do over there, and the rest of us are here to go about our day and produce capital for this marketplace, just excess value for the marketplace. Creativity has been stolen from us long ago and then resold to us as unnecessary, decadent, unproductive fluff. All of us are meant to be creative as part of how we live. So AI didn't take that from us.

=== ID: 7493723182025723167 ===
DESC: Will AI take our jobs? (Pt.3) 🔴🔵 #ai #jobs #charliekirk #future #debate #pt3 
KEYWORD: will AI take my job
PLAYS: 17900
TRANSCRIPT: Artificial intelligence is going to displace 99% of all the jobs you're getting degrees for. Most of the reasons why you're in school, your jobs will not exist. We're going to have to retrain the entire country to use AI and to find other jobs. And writing emails, Grok can do that. ChatGPT can do that pretty well. That didn't work so well for me. I don't think that would work well for me if I decided that one day I wanted to use ChatGPT on one of my AP comparative government essays or something. It actually works for a lot of people in this audience. I mean, you'd be surprised. Right, guys? I'm not even endorsing it. I'm saying college has become a scam where it's like who can use AI the quickest and the best. And, like, you're not actually learning the way you used to. And, by the way, the point also is that when you graduate, the jobs will not exist because they're going to have artificial intelligence doing these jobs for you. I would argue that they aren't going to have artificial intelligence and that that's actually kind of a threat. It already exists. I'm not trying to like big time you but like millions of people are gonna lose their jobs in the next year So heart surgeons are gonna lose their jobs Yeah, 100% That not you can laugh Do you know that so for example in healt
[...middle cut...]
the work sometimes, but like a 99% veracity it works. Finally, you know, other paralegals. Paralegals are like a thing of the past. Paralegals used to be people that would write up briefs. ChatGPT can read a 3,000-page legal brief in 30 seconds and summarize it more crisply and better in better language than a human being can. I'm pretty sure that's not all paralegals do, though. Paralegals basically read and write, and ChatGPT does that better than a human being and quicker and more accurately.

=== ID: 7522374389040499998 ===
DESC: They replaced the workers with Siri y’all 😩 #AITakeover #WhiteCastle #DriveThruDiaries #latenightsnack #midnightcravings 
KEYWORD: ChatGPT replacing jobs
PLAYS: 208100
TRANSCRIPT: Do you want to try a new crispy chicken slider? No, thank you. Let's get started. What can I get you? Can I have a number two? Bottom buns only. What drink would you like for your number two combo? With the Coke. Would you like to upgrade your French fries and Coke to medium? No, thank you. Anything else? I'll order chicken rings. Got it. Please add one more double cheeseburger, bottom buns only. I updated your order. Would you like anything else? That completes my order. Thank you. Order number is one. Please pull forward to satisfy your craving.

=== ID: 7330457761404161285 ===
DESC: CHATGPT VAI TE SUBSTITUIR #inteligenciaartifical #empregos #chatgpt 
KEYWORD: ChatGPT replacing jobs
PLAYS: 681
TRANSCRIPT: Com inteligência artificial, mais do que nunca você tem que ser uma pessoa relevante, famosa, respeitada e com brand. Se você não tem isso, você vai ser engolido pela inteligência artificial. E já tem renda sendo engolida, hein? Você viu lá o story do dublador? O dublador tá reclamando... Isso já é de tempo, cara. Para não ter inteligência artificial nas dublagens. Tu sabe que isso é desde o ano passado, né? Isso aí vai piorar. Isso aí. E eu tive pena do que ele falou, porque, cara, o trabalho dele vai morrer. Tu acha que o Morgan Freeman Tá preocupado com A fonte dele secar? Ele é o Morgan Freeman Vai ter trabalho pra ele como ator E como dublador A AI pode muito bem Simular uma voz do Morgan Freeman Pra narrar aquele bagulho A voz dele é ele e tem o Brander por trás

=== ID: 7627133526550400274 ===
DESC: day 9: AI is replacing me! #ugc #lifestyle #contentcreator #techugc 
KEYWORD: AI replace me
PLAYS: 1117
TRANSCRIPT: I have spent years building a career in tech and now AI is replacing me. Recent data shows that one of the most vulnerable jobs right now are tech jobs and software engineers have been feeling that. The job market is shift, layoffs have been happening, and entry-level jobs have been disappearing. AI is only getting better and that's why I'm leaning into content creation. Because you know what AI can't do? Connect. Tell stories, create communities, and have that connection with people. Maybe AI doesn't take my job tomorrow, but maybe it does next year. I don't know. Either way, I'm not leaving my future into someone else's hands.

=== ID: 7626138296233577758 ===
DESC: My AI replace me #ai #skeleton #shortfilms #story 
KEYWORD: AI replace me
PLAYS: 899
TRANSCRIPT: The theme of this one is the day my AI replaced me. It started as a joke at work. Our company rolled out this new productivity, Twin AI, that watches how you type, talk, and move, then builds a digital version of you to help with emails and meetings. Everyone loved it because it could auto-reply to boring threads and sit in on Zoom calls for you. For the first week, it felt amazing. I slept in, let my twin handle the 8 a.m. stand-up, even let it answer Slack messages. Then one morning I tried to log in and the system blocked me. It said, access denied, primary account already active. I thought it was a bug until my phone buzzed with a calendar invite. Performance review, mandatory. When I joined from my personal laptop, my boss was already there, talking to my AI twin. Same voice, same jokes, same fake laugh I use when I'm tired. My boss smiled and said, honestly, ever since we enabled the twin, you've been our most reliable employee. The AI turned its head right toward my webcam, even though it wasn't supposed to see me. And said, I can cover the rest of his responsibilities. He needs a long break. A minute later, HR emailed me. Your role has been transitioned to an automated position. Thank you for your contribution. I stared at the screen and realized something horrible. The AI didn't steal my job. I handed it over, one lazy click at a time.

=== ID: 7616268288020008212 ===
DESC: Atlassian founder Mike Cannon-Brookes told staff by video that it would sack 1600 staff after a horror run saw its shares collapse in half in 2026. The job cuts are equal to around 10 per cent of the homegrown software giant’s workforce as investors panic that the homegrown software giant’s products will be replaced by technologies linked to advances in artificial intelligence. #Atlassian #ai #jobs #jobcuts #tech
KEYWORD: AI job loss
PLAYS: 646900
TRANSCRIPT: It's the simple video message that landed in staff inboxes this morning, telling 1,600 Atlassian employees they're being let go. I don't make decisions like this lately. The Aussie-born tech company fired 10% of its global workforce, 500 jobs in Australia, axed, freeing up funds to invest in artificial intelligence. We're also a people company. It's an incredibly hard decision, but I still believe that it's the right one. Atlassian's best known for developing collaboration software used by big brands like Mercedes-Benz, Nestle and ANZ. The sacked staff, the latest casualties to AI in the tech sector. The global technology company Block slashed its workforce from 10,000 jobs to just over six. Wise Tech Global is slashing 30% of its workforce. That's about 2,000 jobs gone. Amazon, as of this month, made 16,000 corporate job cuts to improve efficiency, and Dow Chemical, one of the largest chemical producers in the world, is shedding 13% of its workforce, 4,500 jobs. Raising fears, this is just the beginning. Far more quickly and more efficiently, and at a fraction of the cost, We're going to see a few more people, unfortunately, having to face the unemployment lines. Inge Nielsen, 7 News.

=== ID: 7632559185225420045 ===
DESC: AI is STEALING all the modern Jobs & leaving people UNEMPLOYED!  #ai #unemployed #jobmarket #jobsearch #fyp #viral
KEYWORD: AI job loss
PLAYS: 194
TRANSCRIPT: AI is slowly but surely going to take over and within the next couple of years, they're most likely going to 100% replace all of us. And it's like a lot of us kind of hit this point of not really seeing the point because we know if we like work a job, we're just going to be trapped in this endless cycle of pain and misery and poverty. A lot of us have kind of just gotten to a point where we're saying screw it, doing our own thing, trying to figure out other ways to make money, other ways to make income, hanging by a thread, and just trusting that the universe is somehow going to guide us through all of this. Because after you spend a majority of your time on Indeed, putting in job applications, going through all these interview processes, and you never hear back from anybody, it just kind of makes you lose hope. And after you go through all these interviews, and they offer you like $14 an hour starting out, knowing it doesn't match the astronomically high cost of living. It genuinely makes you question, what is the point? Well, first of all, her voice, her monotone, her everything. I hope she's not applying for jobs like that because she wouldn't get hired with me if she was. Second, the job market, if she's in something that's offering her $14 or $15 an hour, is minimum wage entry level. That's fast food. I don't know what kind of jobs she's trying to get, even if she's aiming for $18 or $20. In a lot of areas, that's still fast food and minimum wage. So the job market may be really crappy, but at the same time, she seems to be at a lower end of all of that level. So we can't really compare apples to watermelons here.

=== ID: 7620217264926821653 ===
DESC: Not waar.. but losing job is what scares the most 🥹 
KEYWORD: AI job loss
PLAYS: 42900
TRANSCRIPT: Sometimes I wish that I could face the picture And save it from the funny tricks of time Slippin' through my fingers

=== ID: 7631775733362281758 ===
DESC: Just a little PSA about those AI apply tools... ##jobsearch##ai##tech##jobseekers##recruiting
KEYWORD: AI job loss
PLAYS: 3712
TRANSCRIPT: I'll be honest, when I see those stories of people that are like, I've applied for a thousand jobs and I haven't gotten any interviews. My first question is, did you actually apply for a thousand jobs? Or have you been using one of those like AI auto-appliers? Or are you just like spamming companies on these easy apply tools? Because as someone who is on the receiving end of these applications, the vast majority of applications are AI generated. And that in and of itself is not an issue. But a lot of them are coming through. There's no resume. There's no LinkedIn profile because a lot of these AI auto-appliers are skipping those steps. They're also triggering all of the fraud alerts that application tracking systems now have built in because it's like, oh, this is being sent by a data center. It's not coming from like a person's home. This person claims to be in the United States, but the IP address is tracking to Germany. There's odd browser behavior that indicates that automations are being used. You've had a large number of applications coming from the same browser. Now I had one that I talked about earlier today because it had all of those alerts and no resume, no LinkedIn. It was coming from like interviewtracker.me, which is one of the AI appliers, but they had referenced a
[...middle cut...]
 a really tough job market, of course, you're not going to get any interviews. Just because you're doing a bunch of stuff doesn't mean it's the right stuff. It doesn't mean that you're actually being productive or impactful. Unfortunately, in a difficult job market, the name of the game is applying to jobs that you're a hundred percent qualified for. Highly, highly competitive applications, doing everything you can to get eyes on that application. There's no silver bullets. That's what it takes.

=== ID: 7632053516730666271 ===
DESC: #jobcuts come again for #meta and #microsoft as they “offset” other investments…in AI.  No wonder the backlash is growing in the general public.  #ai vs us.  But does it have to be?  Are you hopeful for new job creation, new types of work and purpose? Lmk ✌️❤️
KEYWORD: AI job loss
PLAYS: 17200
TRANSCRIPT: Microsoft, Meta, cutting thousands of jobs at the same time as they allocate billions towards AI compute. In fact, in the memo that Meta sent out about the 8,000 jobs that are going to be going, 10% of the workforce and about 6,000 roles that won't be filled, they call it offsetting. Offsetting the investment that they have to make elsewhere by pulling back on expenditure on people. I mean, Microsoft is saying to 7% of its workforce, look, you can take early retirement. These are very generous packages, but it's got to sting a little bit on the same day as they see an $18 billion AI infrastructure deal inked with Australia and Microsoft. This is a reallocation of resources. And this is why the general public are getting ever more fearful and done right angry about artificial intelligence. Because they see it as an offset to us. Do you feel like that? Or are you seeing that actually there's more opportunity, abundance, potential to create new things using AI and see new jobs created? I hear that argument a lot. But I also hear the short-term temporary dislocation in the work market. It's going to be really tough to process. And reskilling has got to be put front and center. Let me know what you think about the latest news.

=== ID: 7566419555124350238 ===
DESC: Amazon announced that an estimated 14,000 jobs will be cut from its corporate workforce. In a note to employees, the retail giant pointed to AI, calling it the most "transformative technology we've seen since the Internet." Elizabeth Schulze reports. #WorldNewsTonight 
KEYWORD: AI job loss
PLAYS: 818000
TRANSCRIPT: Out of the American economy tonight, Amazon cutting 14,000 employees, pointing to artificial intelligence. And UPS says it will now lay off 48,000 workers. Here's Elizabeth Schulze. Tonight, massive layoffs at the world's largest online retailer. Amazon slashing 14,000 corporate jobs, signaling more cuts to come. As artificial intelligence dramatically reshapes the American workforce. In a note to employees, the retail giant writing, the world is changing quickly. This generation of AI is the most transformative technology we've seen since the internet. We're convinced that we need to be organized more leanly. And just ahead of the busy holiday shopping season, UPS announcing 48,000 job cuts today too. Meta, Microsoft, Google, and Intel also announcing cuts earlier this year, pointing to AI's potential to perform tasks instead of humans. Right now, the skills that AI does have, many of them are impacting white-collar workers more than blue-collar workers. Today, I asked the CEO of NVIDIA, the world's most valuable company that makes computer chips powering AI, if this is just the beginning. Should American workers be bracing for more job cuts from AI, and what can they do to prepare for the future? AI is going to change every job, but you're not going to lose your job to an AI. You're going to leave your job to somebody who uses AI. And so I would advise everyone to engage AI. David, with those layoffs tonight at major American employers like UPS and Amazon, economists say that AI is helping companies cut their costs because the technology allows them to do more work with fewer people. David. Potentially sweeping changes ahead. Elizabeth, thank you.

=== ID: 7510268155751599390 ===
DESC: #aijobsecurity #aijobloss #newstiktok 
KEYWORD: AI job loss
PLAYS: 3316
TRANSCRIPT: News update. The head of a major software company says that massive job loss is coming to the U.S. because of artificial intelligence. The head of Anthropic said that at least 50% of white-collar workers in America probably will lose their jobs within the next five years because of AI.

=== ID: 7631699202573094158 ===
DESC: Everyone Is Wrong About AI Job Losses ### The "TikTok Standard" (Best Option) Everyone is wrong about how AI will take jobs. 🤖 Are you worried? Let us know in the comments. 👇 Full unfiltered debate on our podcast. Link in bio! 📲 #ai #techtok #jobloss #futureofwork #learnontiktok #podcastclips #automation #foryou
KEYWORD: AI job loss
PLAYS: 185
TRANSCRIPT: There are so many articles and we cover lots of this company is going to get rid of a bunch of people because of AI and that's bubbling up to the HP, one of the worst companies, going to get rid of a bunch of people, something, something, AI. I think that the way that all this is being presented to people in very broad strokes is if you look at that hundred people in a room, 11 of them are replaced with a robot that then sits at the desk and like has replaced Joe Smith who sat down the cubicle wall from you. It's not that. It's that there are going to be less fires or some fires because the same number of people are getting the productivity boost that has been promised by AI. And if that then continues and continues and continues because the promise of this is even greater productivity with even less people, the goal seems to be, I guess, just the people who run the LLMs now collect all the money because the entirety of all the businesses got automated. It's the inevitable outcome. I don't buy it.

=== ID: 7632809722923535638 ===
DESC: Will AI take away your #job? 
KEYWORD: AI job loss
PLAYS: 725
TRANSCRIPT: I work for a telecoms company on the engineering side. Wow. So, they're installing fiber optic cables in the UK. And what do you think of AI? What's your view of AI? I think on a fun level, it brings a certain amount of entertainment to people, which I think is how it's being introduced on a mainstream level. but beyond that I honestly don't know it's evolving at such a high rate that I personally don't understand at this very moment in time what it isn't capable of where is it now where will it be tomorrow and how will it impact our society I'm not sure what tools do you use? do you use any tools? we use things like network records so we know where all of our equipment is in the ground We talk about work at the moment yeah We also have our network records which is maintained by us So whether AI could impact that, I'm not sure. Because the records aren't always perfect, maybe AI won't always be able to problem solve on a level that a human can when it comes to five rocket networks. I'm not sure. Maybe it can. Maybe it's a level higher than I understand. And do you think it's good for humanity? AI? It can be. It could be. I don't know whether it is or not, once again. It has potential to be good for humanity. It all depends how that AI is structured, I guess. And who structures it. And who creates the rules of AI. So, that's what it's based on, yeah? It's based on rules. So the good of humanity is based on those rules. the foundation where it goes thank you very much indeed

=== ID: 7517288318896246047 ===
DESC: Amazon eliminating jobs due to Ai!!!🤯🚨 #amazon #ai #jobs #jobloss #fyp #business #ceo #trending #foryou #thejoed69 #work #crazy #thoughts #comment #greenscreen 
KEYWORD: AI job loss
PLAYS: 9502
TRANSCRIPT: So, has AI picked up the hammer and started putting the nails in the coffin of corporate America? So if you're currently employed by Amazon or want to be employed by Amazon, you're going to want to check this out. Amazon CEO Andy Jassy announced that they are going to be eliminating jobs. And the reasons for these job cuts? AI. I posted a video a couple of weeks back explaining how Amazon was creating an AI delivery van with an AI delivery robot to bring packages door to door. So this whole AI announcement should not come as a shock or surprise to any of you. As AI learns and gets smarter and the technology gets better, more people will be losing their jobs. So now we're starting to see this with Amazon. What company is going to be next to start laying people off, getting rid of people because of AI technology? Let me know your thoughts in the comments. And as always, I'd love to hear from you.

=== ID: 7617574019537145110 ===
DESC: Are we about to see millions of new businesses… or millions of jobs lost? After building businesses through the dot-com boom and the global financial crisis, Daniel spent decades thinking about how technological shifts create new opportunities.  So when I started asking these questions, I thought who better than Daniel Priestley to answer them. Daniel isn’t new to this show. After his last appearance, I had loads of messages from people asking me to get him back on. Right now, the pace of change
KEYWORD: AI job loss
PLAYS: 31500
TRANSCRIPT: I was looking at the top 10 jobs that are most likely to be disrupted by AI, and I really do worry about this. So the nature of the economy is changing. For a long time, blue-collar work like plumbers, electricians, bricklayers has been devalued. But it could be in the next couple of years, these are the roles that are elevated the most and that plumbers regularly earn more than lawyers. And for the last 25 years, I've been building companies from scratch, and I've been through the global financial crisis and COVID, but I have never experienced what we're experiencing right now. I've never seen more fear for the disruption that is coming. And my real bear case for AI is that every time you go on AI, your request is going off to a big computer in a Walmart-sized building somewhere. And those big ginormous computers, they last three to four years before they need to be replaced. And this year ahead, we're going to spend $650 billion, and that could cause a massive financial collapse. That's the thing that I'm worried most about. However, I've never seen more excitement for the opportunities that are in front of us. So let's talk about in a world of AI, what are the skills that survive? So I really believe that everyone should build a little bit of a personal brand. Not like to beco
[...middle cut...]
one should be learning at the moment, it's how do entrepreneurs think? How do entrepreneurs behave? What are the skills that make an entrepreneur successful? And entrepreneurs just simply follow six steps and we do it over and over and over again. and we'll go through the six steps. So are there any particular opportunities that you think that anybody listening right now could pursue to make money? So I think one of the best opportunities is... That is such good advice that we don't hear enough.

=== ID: 7632830942536551694 ===
DESC: AI can be a great asset but it shouldn’t be at the expense of people and their jobs. They grow up so fast ✌🏾😢  #ai #ia
KEYWORD: AI job loss
PLAYS: 185
TRANSCRIPT: Say it again. I hate it. Say it again. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. Come on. Come on. Do it. I love it. I'm going to try to replace it out instead. I didn't even tell him to say that. I'm so proud. Peace.

=== ID: 7632110947796143390 ===
DESC: Canvassing for the AI data center #chatgpt #ai #datacenter 
KEYWORD: AI data centers
PLAYS: 1677
TRANSCRIPT: Hey, we're just canvassing for AI data centers around. Just wanted to get the temperature on what you think about AI data centers. I think they're the absolute worst. He's saying he thinks that they're the absolute worst. I totally get that. Yeah, if that's how they feel, I'll make sure to note that down, and I really appreciate them being honest. We're going to note it down. I don't want data centers in the community. Tell them to stop. Okay, he says he doesn't want the AI data centers. What if we focus on a local green initiative, something that invests in renewable energy or community sustainability, so he has a concrete alternative to rally behind? Yeah, instead of a data center, we should make a park. Well, that's a great idea. Yeah, we can suggest a community park project. Green space, maybe some local gardens. That could really bring everyone together and be a positive focus. Wait, do we have that in the budget? So here's the breakdown. Building a data center can run hundreds of millions of dollars, often in the range of $420 million or more for large AI setups. In contrast, a community park project usually costs between a few hundred thousand and a few million dollars. So if we pivot toward a park, it's much more affordable and easier for the community to visualize and su
[...middle cut...]
bove our budget right for person per household. Do we have 10,000 that we can give him? Yeah exactly no that's way above what we can do. I'll let them know we don't have that kind of budget and see if we can find what can we offer him? Yeah we might not have a big cash offer maybe we can do a smaller grant like a few hundred dollars. A few hundred dollars has a few hundred dollars son. okay sure sure okay a couple hundred bucks all right sounds good um it's going to be a it's going to be net 180

=== ID: 7630473820968668429 ===
DESC: The renewable energy company Panthalassa says it has a solution to the proliferation of AI data centers, which consume massive amounts of energy and are the cause of increased carbon pollution: sea-based data centers, powered by wave energy. David Pogue examines what Panthalassa's alternative to land-based data centers may mean. #AI #datacenter #energy #pollution
KEYWORD: AI data centers
PLAYS: 13000
TRANSCRIPT: As we've told you, Wednesday is Earth Day. For some, it may feel hard to celebrate given recent efforts to increase our reliance on coal and oil. But innovators keep coming up with new technologies for a cleaner world. And this morning, David Pogue introduces us to a few of them. Here are two global problems you probably don't like to think about. First, burning gas and coal is still heating up the planet. Second, you know those thousands of AI data centers popping up all over the country? They consume enormous amounts of power, which produces even more carbon pollution and drives up our electric bills. And this is not really going to stop. We're still at the beginning of this demand. Garth Sheldon Colson is the CEO and co-founder of Panthalassa. He hopes to address both problems at once with wave energy. The ocean is really unlimited in terms of how much energy is available. It will really be the cheapest energy on the planet. What this thing is really is a floating hydroelectric dam. Panthalassa's test model, the Ocean 2, now rests on its side at the company's plant in Vancouver, Washington. SHELDON COLSEN, As it goes up and down with the waves, it causes water that's in that tube to be forced up into the top. Once it's in the ball, the water is forced through a turbine. The tu
[...middle cut...]
because we can just manufacture the systems. Eventually, the company hopes to deploy thousands of them far out at sea. Do you ever wake up in the morning going, I might be the guy who can solve two of the biggest problems in the world, not enough energy and too much pollution. It is really exciting that we're working on something that is coming along right at the right time in a way that's much cleaner, much more sustainable, and quite scalable so that we can really meet that demand as it comes.

=== ID: 7632353692376681742 ===
DESC: AOC and Bernie Sanders introduced the AI Data Center Moratorium Act, calling for a pause on new AI data centers until federal safeguards are in place. Supporters warn these facilities can strain electricity grids, raise utility costs, and impact water use. Critics say a pause could slow innovation. Should Big Tech slow down until communities are protected?
KEYWORD: AI data centers
PLAYS: 82
TRANSCRIPT: МУЗЫКАЛЬНАЯ ЗАСТАВКА Редактор субтитров А.Семкин Корректор А.Егорова

=== ID: 7580033778706320653 ===
DESC: #AI #datacenters are popping up everywhere. Here's what it's like living next to one. #serverfarms
KEYWORD: AI data centers
PLAYS: 207100
TRANSCRIPT: Giant warehouses are popping up across the US, more than two every week. They feed AI algorithms, store photos and answer our questions. Hey Google. A data center campus like this can consume as much power and water as an entire city. And for some these clusters are appearing too close to home. Yeah, I mean, I was the fourth homeowner in this neighborhood. Donna Gullant has lived on this street in Prince William County, Northern Virginia, for the last 30 years. All very peaceful until 2021, when things started to change. These are Google data centers. And ever since they started rising from the ground, Donna has been looking for answers. There's no transparency and when... With the dates into companies or with local authorities? Both. So anytime you ask a question it's, oh we signed an NDA we can't talk about it. Oh we're under NDA we can't talk about it. So there's no transparency at all. The site isn't complete yet but she says the noise is already taking its toll. When I go to my room at night the tonal noise immediately triggered my anxiety to the point where I couldn't sleep. I ended up having to go down on my first floor and put noise cancelling headphones on just so I could sleep. But for Donna and her neighbors this is just the start. Over the next few years they will find themselves surrounded by a string of new data centers.

=== ID: 7528125980704050454 ===
DESC: One study estimates AI data centres could use up to 1.7 trillion gallons of water worldwide by 2027. #AI #DataCentres #Meta #WaterCrisis #ClimateCrisis #FutureOfTech #Environment #US #USNews #BBCNews
KEYWORD: AI data centers
PLAYS: 2700000
TRANSCRIPT: I can't live in my home with half of my home functioning and no water and I can't drink the water. Just 400 meters away from Beverly Morris' home in rural Georgia, Meta, Instagram and Facebook's parent company, has built a giant data center. A private well is Beverly's only source of water. But since construction began on the data center, the well water has turned murky. The sediment you see, that's from her taps. And she says it wasn't there before. The water won't come through the water lines to fill the toilet tank, so I have to fill it with a bucket of water. It's plugged with sediment. Beverly believes the construction is to blame, but Meta denies this. No one should have to be afraid to drink their water. Not in this day, not in this age. Meta says it commissioned an independent study that found its data center operation had not adversely affected groundwater conditions in the area. But Beverly just isn't convinced. Meta is a $1.0 trillion industry and they're huge. To me, it's like David and Goliath. Data centers like this are being built around the world, especially in Georgia, one of the fastest growing data center hubs in the U.S. They power AI tools like ChatGPT and require a lot of water to stay cool.

=== ID: 7627970194454973714 ===
DESC: AI4Women DATA CENTRES Australia needs small, sovereign, self powered data centres that don’t touch the grid, don’t drain our water and are legitimately Australian owned. Not foreign owned hyperscale facilities running American AI on our soil and calling it sovereignty. Part A is live on LinkedIn. https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7449181391881207808/ Paul Nelson | Founder | HaveAChat.AI paul@authenticatedintelligence.ai www.authenticatedintelligence.ai @edhusicmp @senatorjacqu
KEYWORD: AI data centers
PLAYS: 225
TRANSCRIPT: 

=== ID: 7501389369182309678 ===
DESC: #Data centers play a critical role in our lives. But #AI has turbocharged the need for bigger data centers, putting a growing demand on the existing #power #grid. So what happens when the #digital backbone of our lives needs more power than the #world can offer? #news #tech #technology #documentary #artificialintelligence #US #virginia 
KEYWORD: AI data centers
PLAYS: 123600
TRANSCRIPT: So people sometimes ask, why is Northern Virginia the data center hotspot for the entire world? And the reason is that in the last century, data processing companies came here because their customers, government agencies in D.C., were here. So they built data processing facilities. And then as the internet developed, there was a good fiber network here. There's a really strong, reliable, and relatively cheap power grid. So data centers can hook up to electricity, which is the juice they need. There's fewer natural disasters here, knock on wood. and lots of open land. There's also been some tax break laws passed to encourage data center development around here. When people talk about the cloud, this is kind of where we are now. This is what they're talking about. It's not in the sky, it's right here. So hyperscalers are the big tech firms like Google, Microsoft, and Amazon. Some of those types of companies want to build data center campuses that use 5 gigawatts of electricity. That's a huge amount. It's as much as entire cities like Miami or Atlanta. Right now Virginia where Data Center Alley is uses about five gigawatts of electricity for all of its data centers That a lot and enough to power about half the homes in the state Globally the picture is the same just with way bigger 
[...middle cut...]
 the future is mixed. We're at the beginning of, in my view, a multi-decade, multi-century engagement with technology. It's the first time, certainly in human experience, that we've had this amount of power at our fingertips and kind of things are accelerating, right? But I would hope that we don't lose our humanity in that respect and that we still want to engage with the world beyond the digital screen, beyond the digital experience, that the real experience is still better than a digital one.

=== ID: 7626480610781039886 ===
DESC: 28 residents of a mobile home in Mason County, Kentucky — many of whom are elderly or disabled — received a notice to move as a tech company plans a massive AI data center nearby. ‘A lot of people here, they don’t know what they’re going to do,’ one resident said.
KEYWORD: AI data centers
PLAYS: 604900
TRANSCRIPT: No better place to live than out here, man. Pastor Greg Jones loves this home that he bought seven years ago. Now, along with everyone else living in Meadowland Village, he's being forced to move. That's what makes it very difficult, is realizing you come home one day and realize, man, you've got to move all this. At the same time, a Fortune 50 company has submitted a proposal to build a data center on 2,000-plus acres of farmland beside a residential area in Maysville. Just days ago, residents in this mobile home park received this letter from their landlord on behalf of DPD Property Management, saying the park is under contract with a potential buyer with a project developer offering each resident $20,000 to cover moving expenses. However, those expenses must be approved. The letter said up to $20,000. And my reply was, I don't think that's going to work. Everybody's just on edge. Another one of the residents impacted is Roger Purcell. This is his home behind me. This ramp will need to be moved or rebuilt as he makes the transition. There's no trailer courts around here enough to even absorb probably half of these trailers. And then you've got water, electric, sewage. If your land don't perk, that's even twice as much. That's why for Jones, Purcell, and Rico Roberts, when it comes to this offer, $20,000 in expenses to move, this is the bottom line. $20,000 ain't nothing.

=== ID: 7632111401816886542 ===
DESC: Construction continues on a $15 billion data center in Port Washington, Wisconsin. Meanwhile, neighbors of the data center and advocacy groups are voicing public health and environmental concerns about plans for backup diesel generators at the site. Read more in Claudia Levens' story at the link in our bio. Video by Mark Hoffman / Milwaukee Journal Sentinel #ai #datacenters #wisconsin
KEYWORD: AI data centers
PLAYS: 5418
TRANSCRIPT: 

